DASTARTUP is a AI platform to build & deploy smart customer assistants  for travel companies
Founded in 2014, DASTARTUP develops an Platform to make cities smarter, more liveable and sustainable. This platform relies on artificial intelligence and machine learning models to make predictions on urban behaviors
We provide the simplest solution to send a message on a smartphone without the need for an application or to know the person's identifiers. With our turnkey solution, you can send the right information in the right place and at the right time !
DASTARTUP is an algorithm that predicts delays in public transport. All forecasts, for an entire traffic system, are completely recalculated within a single minute. We help traffic control increase punctuality and give commuters early warnings of disruptions.
DASTARTUP enables travelers to discover France in a customized way by meeting passionate French professionals: thousands of authentic activities can be booked for a real taste of France !
DASTARTUP is the Artificial Intelligence platform for voice-enabled devices. It allows anyone to integrate customisable voice assistants into their products. It is open-source, runs on-device and is Private-by-Design.
Welcome to the future of Creative Content Production, Welcome on DASTARTUP. FR Do you need Graphic, Video or Editorial Contents ? All the services you have always wished are on our platform : 50. 000 freelancers - Team Support - Choice of deadlines - Fixed prices
DASTARTUP, the leading Social Data Intelligence company, offers unique solutions for the monitoring, analysis and activation of social media channels. Using its software suite Radarly and associated services, DASTARTUP captures and analyses more than 150 million publications a day in order to help brands make better decisions. Every day we deliver actionable insights by capturing, processing, enriching and transforming social data from billions of online conversations.
DASTARTUP is an award-winning tech company offering a revolutionary end-to-end sensor solution. Sensors are as small as keyboard buttons, get installed and connected to the cloud within a minute, offering 15 years of battery life and data without maintenance . Sensors available today are temperature, proximity and touch with more to come. Data can be integrated into any SW platform through open API. Sense the real world everywhere, deliver insights anywhere - DASTARTUP is a cornerstone of your digital transformation!
Successfully deploy transformations throughout your organization. . . in just 1 minute per day!DASTARTUP is an online platform that engages your employees in the transformation of your organization by asking 2 questions per day, every day. Our technology: an innovative monitoring and management tool encapulating gamification and cognitive science to create a unique user experience. The result: lasting retention of change and the ability to target weaknesses in any one of your thousands of employees.
DASTARTUP is the first classified ads C2C marketplace 100 % dedicated to funding of charity organizations . THE MORE YOU SELL, THE MORE YOU DONATE !
Hotel Wellness & Fitness on Demand. Reserve Luxury Hotel Pool, Gym, and Spa day pass experiences, anywhere, anytime.
DASTARTUP's mission is to make the world sleep better. We believe that along Physical activity and Nutrition, Sleep is the 3rd pillar of wellbeing. Thanks to innovative and smart devices built on AI, neurosciences and big data, we empower people to take back control of their sleep.
DASTARTUP is a messenger chatbot designed to inspire young people in their daily lives. Restaurants, bars, trips, playlists, movies and even jokes: DASTARTUP is full of delightful ideas!
DASTARTUP make it easy for professionals such as bars, hotels and restaurants to book musicians.
An innovative solution, conceived in partnership with the Peugeot Design Lab teams to bring premium comfort to travelers, precisely when they need it. A connected 2m² micro-room, at the heart of the most frequented spaces, for an optimized rest from 30 min to several hours.
DASTARTUP is the 1st marketplace connecting property owners with experimented concierges all over France, Belgium and Switzerland. We provide a full management service for your short term rentals and we maximize your income with our own yield management technology.
DASTARTUP is a booking and community platform for yoga where you can find more than 19,000 classes for reservation around your corner.
DASTARTUP design foot-powered VR, gaming and 3D motion controllers, used while seated. Intuitive, natural, anyone can use them in matters of seconds. Hands are free to do more. You're more productive, more creative or have more fun.
DASTARTUP is developing the next big thing in Human Machine Interactions. The Paris / San Francisco based Startup focuses on turning any surface into a tactile interactive display. It is able to do so, thanks to its proprietary technology, combining projection and image recognition.
DASTARTUP makes the drone industry scalable by taking the human drone-operator completely out of the loop. Our patented fully autonomous system allows us to deliver aerial data for a fraction of the traditional cost for agriculture, inspections, surveillance and other industries.
With its revolutionary technology, DASTARTUP introduces a new way of listening to music. Thanks to its smart stackability, you can stack virtually any number of DASTARTUP speakers together and they will transform into one larger speaker with pristine sound.
ABOUT DASTARTUPDASTARTUP, founded in 2011, is the market leader in the manufacturing and sales of service drones that represent many vertical markets including Security, Agriculture, Cinematography, Virtual Reality, Architecture, Real Estate, Construction, Mapping. . .
DASTARTUP Ltd was founded in October 2004 by Director, Will Jackson. DASTARTUP' humanoid robots are used worldwide for social interaction, communication and entertainment at public exhibitions and attractions, as well as university research labs.
Special steering system for electrical wheelchair based on smart glasses like google glass.
DASTARTUP is a global tele-robotics technologies group offering a range of innovative solutions across the drone value chain. It automates drones services from data collection using off-grid connected robots to information visualisation on its digital cloud platform.
DASTARTUP is a French virtual reality software company. We study your needs and create professional virtual reality applications or bring you the tools to create it by yourself. We help you meet and visualise your 3D mockups at scale 1 from all around the world through Improov3.
DASTARTUP designs wearable tech and IoT devices for people who need safety and protection.
WaaS: Wearable-as-a-Service devices connected through telecom networks targeting three main segments: Kids, Seniors and Enterprise.
Award-winning tool Virtelio enables anyone to create and experience interactive VR & 360° movies.  No coding required. The interactivity is based on unconscious decisions. With Virtelio, the way viewers watch an experience will influence the storyline.
Realtime creativity: robotics, VR & AR, interactive design & mappingFrom event to museum, or retail to catering, we make and develop new concepts thanks to a new generation of industrial and collaborative robots serving public.
DASTARTUP are a robotics company based in Edinburgh, Scotland. We make Marty the Robot: an educational robot that is far more than just a toy! Marty can walk, dance and even play football. . . Marty will inspire the next generation of roboticists and engineers.
Meet the first remote for everything
We developed the Fable system, which makes it easy and fun for everybody to create and program robots. With Fable kids and adults can assemble their own robots in a matter of seconds. Our initial key customers include primary and secondary schools.
Specktr is a new innovative way to control music. It allows you to create, mix, and control your music with simple hand gestures. It uses MIDI command over Bluetooth connection. Beyond the music, Specktr will be able to control any kind of devices. In a word, it's a total new HMI
DASTARTUP makes aerial filmmaking easy. It flies itself and uses a tracker to follow and film you automatically.
We are a drone company. I can hear you say Yet another drone company?. Innovatively not! We are engineering key drone components with an emphasis on weight reduction, as we aim for greater flight range and therefore strive for longer flight times for drones/UAVs.
Fresh and organic produce delivered directly from the local and sustainable farms to the fridge
These past few years, DASTARTUP has been specializing in the design of connected devices, while conceiving and developping innovative solutions of Smart Building, Smart Home and Digital Worplace.
DASTARTUP quickly gained attention as the first Augmented Reality platform that allow to scenarize and automatize deployment of large-scale Augmented Reality campaigns. Our solution  has attracted several leading publishers, brands and institutionals.
DASTARTUP is a unique platform dedicated to generosity and generous marketing using innovative donation collection solutions on payment means.
DASTARTUP is a preventive care solution for elderly people. This AI powered solution is composed with a smart watch and home sensors.
In order to learn to work together again in harmony in shared offices, there is now DASTARTUP, a sound masking device with luminous indicator of collective noise level which brings back comfort, productivity and speech privacy in open plan offices.
The online health prevention and support service for people at risk or affected by chronic diseases. Our mission ? Helping you to better understand your risks and adapt your daily habits in order to improve your quality of life and live free of chronic diseases.
DASTARTUP in the on-demand delivery platform that connects retailers and e-commerce merchants to speed up the way goods are delivered within cities
Simplifying the pre-analytical phase in the laboratory
We reinvent the human resources trades - recruitment and career management - thanks to digital !
DASTARTUP provides the best user-centric digital learning experience guaranteeing top engagement rates. We support companies' transformation and competitiveness by making corporate learning more fun, flexible, mobile and collaborative. Unleash your potential for progress!
DASTARTUP engineers human-data interactions by conceiving datavisualization interfaces. We help people understand, operate and communicate their data through mobile applications, visual analysis softwares, data storytelling content, generative creative installations, etc.
DASTARTUP is a real-time employee feedback solution that inspires a growth mindset and feedback culture. It empowers employees to continuously share their views and own their performance and development. Employees get better faster and companies adapt to the new world of work.
DASTARTUP is a mobile application aiming to reinforce employees' commitments towards their company. Thanks to questions about their well-being and forums, they are now able to express themselves in real time. It enables any user to discover which companies' ees are the happiest.
DASTARTUP is the mix between Uber & Paypal, making accessible & profitable new technologies for professionnals nearby to develop their activity.
DASTARTUP is a powerful app for commercial animation in/out stores, brands and marketing agencies. We provide a scracth game via QR Code technology. Adjust your DASTARTUP as you want to create a playful, secured, ROI oriented, and budget mastered game for your company.
DASTARTUP reinvents customer loyalty by turning visits into relationships. By grabbing a touchpoint with their customers, merchants can now start a conversation with them, reward the loyal ones, and get the others back in the door.
DASTARTUP is the start-up that makes your bus arrive on time ! Thanks to innovative and smart IT solutions, we revolutionize public transportation by connecting all of its actors : companies, drivers and passengers with one goal in mind : better, faster, smoother trips for all !
DASTARTUP creates and runs technology systems in cities around the world. Our technological solutionallows city leaders, transport managers, corporates, retail centres, property developers, airports oruniversities to introduce newer and better mobility platforms.
Our mission is to provide the right tools to capture, process and broadcast high-quality VR content. We bring our expertise in 360 video-stitching solutions via 3 products: a postproduction software, a live stitching and broadcasting software and a fully integrated live VR camera
Show-Roomer engages communities of clients so they share their experience with buyers of products and services. Show-Roomer aims at building trust to help its partners increase the conversion of new clients.
DASTARTUP SPORT is an application for mobile devices that offer a compelling experience for in-venue spectators  and an high-touch marketing outlet for sponsors.
DASTARTUP is a 360° video content creator that make you live new VR experiences.
DASTARTUP is a social sports betting app that allows you to bet with your friends
Our city mobile guide aims to improve the experience of visiting big cities by simplifying transportation and exploration with the the help of the public bus network and the collaboration and tips of local residents
DASTARTUP Is a global platform for lost and found objects :- Declare your lost/found item- Let our algorithm do the Match and Check- Organize the deliveryEt voilà !
Supervising a group of persons is not an easy task. That is why DASTARTUP Technologies develops innovative technologies and unique solutions to facilitate and secure trips in group. Linking, counting, alerting? we provide all functionalities to keep the group secured and together.
Do you freak out just thinking about organizing your child's birthday party ? Don't stress, DASTARTUP will save your life and provide you an all inclusive birthday box in just 3 clicks ! Keep calm and Birthday on !
DASTARTUP is a platform that allows its users to make free donations just by watching ads! Over the past 3 years we have raised over 6 million free donations to fund charitable projects such as planting 140,000 trees in India or distributing 2,800 books in Morocco!
DASTARTUP is a creative project at the service of brands, audiences and territories with its new immersive 360° experiences based on Overlap Reality.
DASTARTUP is an innovative AdTech company, inventor of the Advertpayment solution which provide unparalleled performance to advertisers and editors. With DASTARTUP, digital users can now unlock premium contents by watching a video advertising they choose.
DASTARTUP is a unique way to engage kids in any topic: an app that automagically transforms coloring pages into personalized cartoons. 40k downloads. 5k MAU. Growth rate: +5%. B2C: printables & in-app purchase, books. B2B: tailored contents for publishers, brands and schools.
Our solution of fine vibration sensing and analysis constantly monitors all important elements of the car and predicts failures before they appear by informing car owner or garage. If no actions followed and the failure occurred, it helps diagnosing the fault fast and precisely.
DASTARTUP Engineering developed a truly disruptive transmission technology saving at least 17% energy in all current road transport running on any kind of energy incl. electricity, hydrogen and CNG. 30% lighter and 5% cheaper than automatics, 99% recyclable and maintenance free.
Open Source solution  for data management, analytics including artificila intelligence for data from sensors/IoT or any flow of events.
DASTARTUP allows any mobile app or connected vehicle to activate any fuel pump and manage the payment and loyalty for the refill automatically. The service integrates in popular mobile apps and works in any fuel station. It increases indoor sales in fuel stations.
DASTARTUP highly improves comfort and vigilance on board of any vehicle or VR system. Our solution avoids motion sickness and cyber sickness for all the users, by removing the sensorial conflict responsible for the troubles.
Tukuoro is disrupting user interface, with VOICE.
Using Tukuoro, any application / device can add a voice layer in any language or platform, allowing its users to make an accurate & reliable voice interaction. We build Tukuoro as the Voice infrastructure for the voice activated, connected world.
DASTARTUP is a technology start up operating in the area of sustainable mobility. We allow employers and municipalities to promote carpooling among employees and citizens, by distributing financial incentives and other benefits .
Access the largest network of coworking spaces around the globe : with DASTARTUP, work from any of our 700+ innovative workspaces in 80+ countries with one single pass. Give yourself and your team the power to be productive and to get inspired anywhere.
Our mobile app and microelectronic technology is designed for the next generation of consumers and asset owners who want to do more with less and share seamlessly almost everything everywhere. Creating platforms to share cars, offices, parkings, lockers. . . has never been so easy.
- New generation of connected cameras to showcase landscapes with live photo/video and AR. - Selfie XXL, a long distance selfie from 25 to 1500 meters to create unique memories to share.
DASTARTUP educates and empowers managers to use 1-on-1 conversations to improve team performance and engagement. It does so by providing smart conversation topics, facilitating the process and coaching the manager along the way.
DASTARTUP is a platform that boost collective intelligence and engagement at every turn, eveywhere people work together, inside the office and out. DASTARTUP is a collection of great ideas that facilitate interactivity within a group.
DASTARTUP captures and manages consent from users by providing a service that does a simple check of whether a company can use your personal data. Consentua improves trust between consumer and vendor as it explains how your data is used.
DASTARTUP is a start-up specialized in the installation of VR moving immersives experiences, based on an exclusive 6 axes technology. Producer of dedicated contents 360 video and VR, she also develops an innovative solution of collective projection, under short-lived dome.
We help our customers keep their teams safe during emergencies. And an emergency can be anything from a water shut-down all the way to a terrorist alert.
We also make sure that people do not get into more problems simply asking for help which, sadly, is something that happens a lot to women and minorities.
Think about it. Sending a message is simple, many people do it. But what is harder, especially in times of emergencies is making sure that you can anticipate problems, and then when you alert people to make sure that they not only received your information but are also able to respond to you regardless of which communication channels are available.
By integrating our technology in your information system, you can speed up your anticipation time and keep people safer and informed. We also give you access to real-time analysis, from simple weather alerts, to flood prediction, and even satellite image comparisons.
And in the case of women or minorities we’re doing a mix of software and IoT so you can send something as innocent as “I am going to the store to buy chocolate and in the background we can start to alert all the right people in your organization. In some cases we can even help your IT group block or reduce your data access to keep the company’s assets safe as well.
We have customers all very different sizes and focus. We work with small business owners, cities, and large enterprises like a group of the US Army and Intel. In France, we work with municipalities, medium size enterprises and are also doing trials with SNCF
oh, if you are interested in how chocolate can keep your employees safe, from say hi to us!
DASTARTUP is an urban mobility brand. We believe in cities in which all can embrace the full potential of urban life. We are creating the perfect mobility solution that fully connects people to their city.
DASTARTUP is an online platform connecting professionals between coworking spaces. On DASTARTUP, you can look for job opportunities, grow your network and discover the coworking scene around you.
DASTARTUP offers retailers and manufacturers the only DASTARTUPed Reality eCommerce solutions available for both native mobile app and web integrations in their existing eCommerce platforms and allows online shoppers to experience products at home before buying.
DASTARTUP is an on-site marketing optimization technology. Its solutions enable retailers to use their web/mobile site traffic in real time in order to gain new clients and to increase loyalty of existing ones, both online and web-to-store.
DASTARTUP is a social startup providing a self help service which connects people who need help with people who want to help : delivery of daily products, car sharing, IT Help, courtesy visits. DASTARTUP creates social interactions and combates social isolation.
The easiest way on earth to communicate on screens
DASTARTUP is AI as a service. Our hosted API enables your services to learn every day: provide a personalized experience to each user and automate complex tasks. DASTARTUP is the first high level AI API that generates white-box models on the fly to achieve explainable AI.
Thanks to its exclusive technology, DASTARTUP revolutionizes the art to prepare balanced meals, tailored to your health and easy to make. With DASTARTUP, you don't have to choose between pleasure and wellness.
Real life targeting and offline measurement to boost in-store traffic. DASTARTUP is the largest continuous targeting geolocation database in the world.
We are the makers of Foodini: a 3D food printer + IoT  new generation kitchen appliance promoting cooking with fresh, real ingredients. This is real food, 3D printed.
DASTARTUP is a Computer Vision company specialized in Food Recognition. Our algorithms are able to detect food items in a picture, evaluate the servings and estimate nutritional facts. We have created two products : a Food Recognition API and an app to track your diet easily.
Our digital platform for the brick & mortar retail environments is harnessing the power of machine learning and the Internet of Things to transform each retail property into a data-driven performance environment that turns more shoppers into buyers, faster.
DASTARTUP Invent and exploit the methods of circular self-production for cities, businesses and individuals who want to grow. We collect used coffee grounds, employees from job integration programmes, transform them into delicious oyster mushrooms.
DASTARTUP Solutions is a french startup that aims to provide practical blockchain applications from business to mainstream. Specialized in traceability and certification, DASTARTUP help customers and operators to trace the life of a product and keep the certificate of their purchases.
DASTARTUP designed a new job creation model in the center of Paris. The simple, inclusive neighbourhood concierge service generates income for the Lulus, increases their employability, and fosters local community life.
MonGrillon FUTUREFOODS is a foodtech from Marseille aimed at achieving a sustainable future while democratizing the new superfood: edible insects! We design nutritious and environmentally friendly treats for visionary people.
DASTARTUP designed a new-gen crowdfunding solution tailored for Retailers to connect them with the most innovative small businesses in their sector and to give its customers the power to decide which products they want to see in stores tomorrow.
DASTARTUP enables retailers and manufacturers to analyze the merchandising of entire store aisles  using its AI-based image recognition technology
DASTARTUP is a global data marketplace that allows all companies to sell and buy directly any kind of data, in any industry . Dawex acts as a trusted third-party.
DASTARTUP is the first online platform to monitor road freight transport flows in real-time. With a web platform, mobile application for drivers and connexions to truck computers, DASTARTUP allows a fast exchange of traceability information between all the parties involved in the logistics chain.
DASTARTUP, the global freight visibility platform.
High accuracy smartphone indoor positioning without iBeacons or tags. Indoor navigation for customers or visitors. Workforce real-time tracking indoors.
DASTARTUP's solution allows users of a same website to help each other in real-time. It enables our clients to build communities of ambassadors who help shoppers on their ecommerce platform and use these discussions to spot user experience improvements on their websites.
In-store execution is a major challenge for retailers. Non-compliance of in-store operations can lead to an annual loss of up to 3% in sales.
DASTARTUP solves this challenge. Our mobile-first solution enables retailers to monitor and improve execution of in-store operations. DASTARTUP digitises retailers’ key processes to improve store & field teams' productivity. This results in significant efficiency savings and increased sales.
DASTARTUP is used by well-known retailers in multiple sectors: fashion , groceries  and specialised retail .
DASTARTUP is an independent multi-disciplinary R&D institute in Malaysia with the vision Invent the Future of Internet. It focuses on internet, digital media, and mixed reality research, while providing an entrepreneurial incubation space for start-ups.
DASTARTUP created Teia, a web application designed to enhance 3D visualization and infrastructure management. Teia allows the user to connect its Information System and management software to a BIM model in order to aggregate all buildings' information in its 3D representation.
DASTARTUP is changing the way people buy home maintenance and repair services. From simple handyman to full repair / improvement services, DASTARTUP is offering fixed-price packages which can be bought online in just a few clicks. And DASTARTUP takes care of all the details!
We develop and implement local solutions to help homeowners to rent or lend their property or office to visitors in France or Europe.
Tomorrow's cities will be collaborative. DASTARTUP aims to become a leader of this market with 250 000 users. Based on the 1st social network dedicated to neighborhoods in France, we've been designing a unique collaborative services ecosystem.
DASTARTUP offers a luggage transfer service between Paris and CDG airport
We wish to simplify office employees' lives by offering a range of services, activities & events in their workplace, to create bonds with the help of community managers on site, bringing it to life!
DASTARTUP reinvents the way people meet at work, connecting them together around professional and fun activities. Using Artificial Intelligence, the experience is personalized. More than an App, DASTARTUP is the spearhead of the French Happytech to democratize well-being at work.
DASTARTUP is a collaboration solution that fosters collective intelligence & helps team work better together.
DASTARTUP's goal is to cure organizations of email cancer, by allowing employees to notify virtuous or abusive behaviors in emails. DASTARTUP analyzes people's perception, in order to create monthly individual reports which will guide each employee towards a better use of email.
With DASTARTUP, companies offer their employees to experience short-term external assignments. More than a web platform, DASTARTUP is boosting employees' agility, skills & employability. Employees returning from these immersions are innovative transformation accelerators
DASTARTUP transforms and empowers your customers and employees into ambassadors to share, promote and sell for you via their own social networks. Ambassadors increase your brand awareness, sales and customers while getting rewards for their efforts.
Create warmth and relationships between the company's employees thanks to an online garage-sale on which they sell each other their items unused at home to sponsor the charity project they chose altogether.
DASTARTUP builds innovative corporate wellness programs. Our mission is to improve companies' performance and employees' experience by helping them adopt healthy behaviors. We offer turnkey solutions, both digital and physical, to improve employees' wellness and productivity.
We make people happy and engaged at work! DASTARTUP is THE platform to handle all your employees' feedbacks: engagement, digital transformation, new hiring?. With our questions based on decades of research and our algorithms, we help you make better people decision. :)
DASTARTUP is the most compelling AI. Software Company shaping the future of Customer Engagement. DASTARTUP leverages Artificial Intelligence to disclose new business opportunities, increase upsell, reduce churn, predict customer payments and accelerate cash flow generation.
DASTARTUP, your valet-parking in airports and train stations. No need anymore to find a car park or to take the airport shuttle, you can directly come to your departure terminal, drop-off your car and take your flight. A new way to gain time and comfort !
DASTARTUP offers to places opened to public a solution to guide and inform visitors on their smartphone or tablets, with tailored content depending on their profile and location, allowing to make practical, cultural or touristic information accessible to all, including disabled.
DASTARTUP brings the latest progress in computer vision to your business. Use our platform VESTA to build your own image recognition AI. In a few clicks, you can create an API that will automatically analyse your images according to your needs. Empower your company with VESTA.
DASTARTUP is a Polish start-up using Big Data, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in its business oriented approach.
Data platform for smart mobility : from local data to global impact. The best platform for continuous and real time geolocation data and predictive algorithms. Dedicated to the transportation and retail markets, for delivering high value services to our customers.
DASTARTUP, the light from the sea! A living lighting energy, coming directly from nature, at the crossroads of biomimicry and synthetic biology, ready to revolutionize our way to produce, consume and light up!
In the service of road safety, INNOV + designs an active safety device to assist driver alertness at the wheel. Installed on the dashboard like a GPS PND Device, Toucango device integrates the technology of facial recognition and its optical sensor NIR.
DASTARTUP provides a free-floating self-service offer of electric scooters in Paris
Collaborative luggage storage. DASTARTUP is the largest luggage storage network in Europe. Entrust your luggage to local hotels and stores and enjoy freely your day!
Designed to make the city easy and hospitable, the DASTARTUP app is the first caring service for travelers, enabling visitors to get in touch instantly with a City Helper - a beacon of trust in the city. Empowered by tailor-made algorithms, they answer all visitors' needs.
DASTARTUP, the best partner for dayly cyclists, designed by and for the riders!We simplify the bike reparation by providing an on-demand service, everywhere, anywhere. #InBikeWeTrust
DASTARTUP is a « cowalking » mobile application: users can match their trips on foot and by public transport. They can also share information in real time, about traffic and potential incidents on their way. The app promotes conviviality, solidarity and safety.
DASTARTUP develops computer vision based data production for infrastructure asset management and maintenance. Our service is based on image recognition, 3D point cloud and deep learning from mobile phone videos recorded from every day traffic or processes.
Bringing Geolocation to life.
DASTARTUP is a Location Analytics platform.
We use proprietary cutting-edge technology to acquire anonymous location data from mobile apps, with unmatched granularity, and turn it into valuable information.
Affiliate apps benefit from top notch analytics for their own users while their anonymous data is added to the aggregated data set of users which is fast becoming the industry standard as far as coherent location data is concerned.
The Power of Pellets. Tailored for industrial production, tooling and prototyping, Pam is the first multi-materials 3D Printer using raw materials. From extreme flexibility to high strength, and from coloured to composites, up to 4 materials can be combined during a single print.
DASTARTUP is a location reference system based on a global grid of 57 trillion 3m x 3m squares each square has been pre-assigned a three-word address. It is being used in 170 countries to improve customer experiences, drive business efficiencies and save lives.
DASTARTUP, the mobile app that lines up for you : monuments , retail, transport, administrations. . . . ? Take a ticket on your mobile, choose when you want to pass, know when you pass, you can reschedule at any time, you control your time
DASTARTUP is an innovative startup in urban agriculture, aiming to change our view on food and agriculture by producing organic food where people live, work or shop, at reasonable prices.
DASTARTUP proposes the most innovative and easy-to-use cloud-based platform to create interactive videos. Add interactive elements and publish your video in a few clicks. Create instantaneous personalized videos for digital marketing and engaging formats for advertising.
SmartReplay is an interactive video format connecting media directly to their audience. Users get an individualized video content on any device. Broadcasters get their audience's behavioral data.
DASTARTUP is a platform to create collective experiences in virtual reality regardless device used or type of content played. DASTARTUP integrates a whole range of innovative solutions: a multi-user and interactive 360 video player and a set of tools dedicated to audience management.
We have developed patent pending smart controller technology, that can make any electricity generator give even few times more power, than nominal.
We develop digital lighting solutions to make installations customizable, simpler and more efficient. Our vision is that light shall be smart and connected to deliver new services and experiences, yet eco-friendly and responsible.
DASTARTUP, connected car services made easy. A complete solution for any business to build and deploy connected car services in less than a month. It includes the hardware, the APIs, and a toolkit with a pre-built application to be customized and enriched with the client's assets.
We make it easy and safe to buy and lease second-hand cars in Europe
DASTARTUP conceives transparent and cost-effective solutions which aim at disrupting all cyberattacks, independently of their specific tactics, by defending their common denominator: the Active Directory infrastructures that support all of our customers' vital assets.
DASTARTUP is an AI-powered platform which automates customer relation interactions through chatbots and other conversational agents.
DASTARTUP is a software solution and Android application to capture and diffuse company's know-how by creating, managing, sharing, consulting and analyzing ISO 9001 visual work instructions, forms, checklists, maintenance procedures and technical process.
Digital tools matching the best in real time new energies and energy uses
We make the wiring smarter allowing to reduce asset downtime, to anticipate failures and to improve safety. Our sensors and expertise are already used for aircraft maintenance and will be tomorrow actively monitoring wiring in aircraft, automotive, smart grids and buildings.
Leader de l'audit et du conseil, DASTARTUP France est membre de DASTARTUP International, réseau de cabinets indépendants exerçant dans 152 pays. Nos 8 500 professionnels interviennent auprès des grands groupes français et internationaux, des ETI et des groupes familiaux, ou encore des PME et des start-up, dans tous les secteurs d’activité : industrie, distribution, établissements financiers, télécoms, etc. , ainsi que les acteurs de l’économie sociale et solidaire et le secteur public.
Paytweak offers digital and innovative remote payment services. We provide safe and secure processes that trigger instant credit card approval through many channels, from acquirers & PSP all around the world.
Our algorithms use a unique combination of machine learning and psychology to gain a deeper understanding of your customers. These powerful analytics enable you to serve and engage them better.
DASTARTUP develops RFID microchip technologies to monitor, control and analyse all processes from production to consumption. DASTARTUP supplies companies the products' location in stores, inventory control in realtime, analytics and mobile payment solutions.
OAT is the publisher of TAO, the leading open source Assessment platform for Education and Career Advancement. With deployments around the world, OAT is leading the transformation from paper to digital instruction, and from one-size-fits-all to personalised learning.
For DASTARTUP, the future of applied robotics is as necessary as it is guaranteed as long as it brings with it innovative solutions that hinder the servitude of men. Our plan is to support this change, through our innovative products, our solutions for the future.
DASTARTUP develops innovative software solutions for data science and complex system simulation to leverage the potential of your operational data. Our products and services help industrials to gain more quantitative insight on their business and to optimize their key processes.
DASTARTUP introduces the first collision-tolerant drone designed for industrial inspection professionals. Allowing access to complex, cluttered or indoor places, inspection can be performed at lower downtime, costs and risks.
Livejourney is the 1st dynamic business process analytics software running real time and predictive.
This revolutionary software allowing to monitor the journey of vehicles/clients/processes and act in real-time on every flows by playing with time.
Livejourney, more than a control tower : analyze, monitor and act !
DASTARTUP is an official technology spin-off from ETH Zurich, Switzerland. Expert in smart parking via computer vision, DASTARTUP uses similar deep learning algorithms to analyse images from camera streams inside vehicles and provide real-time and a posteriori people counting.
DASTARTUP is the leader of secure professional Android devices. Our solution is transforming digital transactions for mobility. Secure and remotely managed, it has been designed to facilitate digital transformation for mobile workforce management, mobile payments and urban mobility.
DASTARTUP is a forerunner consulting company in DataScience. We succeed to address industries? challenges with state of the art algorithms, with a focus on marketing, fraud and predictive maintenance.
Help your clients by seeing what they see with live interactive video & remote assistance. DASTARTUP already serve global Fortune 500 companies & partners around the globe in several verticals: Services, Industry, Insurance, Telcos, Retail, Finance, Field Techs, IT, Telemedecine.
DASTARTUP is an esports mobile application that organizes matches between gamers on their favorite video games and gives them the possibility to reward each other with a cash donation.
The French startup Early Birds Studio, a company that specializes in teaching through gamification. We are developing DASTARTUP, the video game aims to teach children ages 8 to 12 how to code while having fun!
DASTARTUP develops Linkstream, a collaborative live video production solution, which aggregates live videos of an event,mix and edit in real time the aggregated livestreams and broadcast the live edited stream on any web site.
The first shopping platform based on web influence. Brands offer products or services to micro-influencers in exchange for social network contents, to increase their online visibility.
Forget the two line push notification. Eclipse notifications reinvents CRM and UX thanks to full screen swipable media that can display any type of content. Boost your retention and engagement rates and improve your app's monetization thanks to Eclipse !
DASTARTUP VR is a virtual reality and 360-video production studio based in Los Angeles with a presence in London and Paris. We manage the whole process of content production and development of technical solutions, including interactive VR and AR, to go with it.
DASTARTUP, approved supplier of telematic boxes by multiple car constructors. A complete fleet management solution integrating real-time fuel consumption, current mileage, mechanical alerts, calculation of the hours worked, real-time geo-tracking and an eco-driving module.
With DASTARTUP just tap to request a ride, with professionals drivers. DASTARTUP offers the first network in France . Booking in few seconds, availiable in immediate or in advance from the web site and the app.
DASTARTUP was founded on a simple idea: connect everyone to the mobile internet, everywhere, NOW. To materialize this idea, DASTARTUP allows smartphones and IoT devices to stay connected, no matter the network available , and no matter its quality .
DASTARTUP is a project management platform to quickly collect information from the jobsite and follow developments in a visual manner. Access your data, even offline, share tasks with collaborators and generate detailed reports in seconds.
DASTARTUP is a a peer to peer crowdshipping platform that connects people who need to ship something with drivers with an empty trunk. Shipping costs are up to 80% cheaper for senders, while drivers save money on the road. Operating in France and in the nearby countries of Europe.
DASTARTUP is a young and innovative company leveraging its clients' existing data in order to help them achieve significant energy and expenditure savings across their real estate portfolios.
DASTARTUP, IoT system manufacturer, presents mOOnTAG, the first multi-standard, modular connected IoT device. With mOOnTAG, industrial processes and assets are 100% monitored even in non-robotized environment. Your Industry 4. 0 projects have never been so closed to your lean effort.
DASTARTUP makes possible to interconnect IT systems  to a pivot database. Thanks to an app, DASTARTUP empowers operators with the right information at the right time, ease data collection and send it back to databases, updated in real-time.
DASTARTUP offers a global solution for traceability of mobile assets. Composed of a proprietary industrial sensor and a customizable SaaS platform, our solution provides operational vision and strategic insights to make your business more transparent and reactive.
Automate visual tasks with AI by turning images and videos into high-value information
DASTARTUP has become a leader and expert in social robotics, focussing on real-world interactions robot software. The company designs, develops and deploys software for social robots like Pepper and Nao, Buddy, Heasy. DASTARTUP is located in France and Japan.
DASTARTUP is a company specializing in the development of cutting-edge robots intended for specific applications in various industries such as Agro-food, Healthcare, Defense, Surveillance and Transport just to name a few.
DASTARTUP helps companies to understand and manage their weather potential. DASTARTUP's software programs and takes action based on weather conditions to improve CRM, ERP, e-marketing, supply chain and communication strategies using a simple Plug&Play process.
DASTARTUP develops a platform for pay-as-you-go ticketing. Travelling from A-to-B has never been easier, as the user only needs a smartphone in his pocket. No more missing change to buy a ticket or thinking about fare zones. Travel first, get charged the best price afterwards.
DASTARTUP is a data portability tool allowing individuals to collect their personal data in one click and reuse it at their will on any kind of online service.
DASTARTUP is a Silicon Valley/Paris based start-up offering premium airline passengers a disruptive immersive cinema experience onboard. Using the latest immersive video headset it allows passengers to watch 2D & 3D films and series in their own private movie theatre.
As soon as you arrive in Paris, we collect your luggage at the airport or train station. You make the most of your day, we will deliver your bags to you where and when you really need them.
The day you leave, we pick-up your luggage at your hotel, home or rental. Later in the day, your Eelway concierge will wait for you in front of your check-in desk or train platform with your bags.
Enjoy your day in Paris.
DASTARTUP is number 1 app for peer to peer services in France. Available on both iOS and Android, DASTARTUP attracts more than 300,000 users each month on a registered base of more than 800,000.
DASTARTUP is the 1st hybrid personal assistant combining both artificial intelligence and concierge know-how. DASTARTUP is the perfect solution to reinvent customer experience.
DASTARTUP. com is an innovative website that connects companies and freelancers working in the communication and marketing area. Our objective is to enable companies to find, in a few clicks, the ideal freelancer.
DASTARTUP's innovation lies in its digital nature: a 100% online arbitration platform that considerably accelerates the resolution of commercial disputes. Both intuitive and accessible to all, it guides the users from the drafting of a claim to the rendering of an enforceable award.
DASTARTUP - fresh food on demand : DASTARTUP is an app that allows people to order fresh food online directly from their local grocery and artisan shops  and get delivered to their door in one hour.
Paris, living up to your expectations. Get a Parisian's smartphone! We support travelers in discovering the BEST of the city using our innovative connected smartphone: unlimited connectivity, real-time tips, useful Apps.
DASTARTUP is at the forefront of acoustic and voice control innovations. In the consumer space, we design and sell far field voice control systems like Triby our connected speaker. In the professional space, we design phones that revolutionize the corporate communication experience.
Kitchen chefs are talented, and we want them to find kitchens all over the world to express themselves. Our idea : connect nomad chefs to kitchens owner , to develop culinary coworking and kitchen sharing, and through it offer uniques experiences to customers.
DASTARTUP designs and markets internationally innovative products aimed at improving the well-being of consumers on a daily basis thanks to scents. Revealed by Google, the French start-up also won the two innovation awards at CES in Las Vegas.
DASTARTUP revives interest in traditional social games by implementing IOT solutions that allow sharing the game online with goals video replay and still entertaining players with undisputable ranking, statistics, trophies in a dedicated social network when the game is over.
DASTARTUP is a local events discovery company that focuses on Algorithmic / AI-based content generation & recommendation. Our algorithm pulls events from social media and presents them to publisher // consumers .
DASTARTUP is the local social network dedicated to travelers. Whether they are staying in a hotel, residence, aparthotel, hostel, the free mobile app allows them to connect with each other to discuss, discover and share tips and activities. For a unique and humane experience.
URBAN ADVENTURE RACES TO EXPERIENCE CITIES IN AN UNFORGETTABLE WAY
Through SUPRALIVE, our unique and patented technology, we offer Live shows spectators to benefit from an unprecedented immersive, customizable and multitrack sound experience, within their personal taste and hearing profile.
The VOYAGER chair by DASTARTUP takes you Beyond Music, thanks to innovative technology that diffuses music through your body from head to toe in the form of vibrations. Expect an immersive sensual journey beyond anything you have experienced.
DASTARTUP develops BUDDY, the First Mobile Companion Robot designed to entertain & assist the family to make everyday tasks simpler and easier. Behind his cheerful little face, BUDDY protects your home, interacts with your smart home connected devices and entertains kids.
DAPRODUCT, DASTARTUP's latest creation and 5th generation robot, is a semi-humanoid mobile and autonomous robot that is capable of orienting itself in a public environment, interacting, escorting and helping persons
DASTARTUP is the manufacturer of the first interactive robot kiosk named Heasy : the first mobile and interactive robot kiosk who informs, entertains, guides and welcomes your audience, giving you a highly personalized and intelligent service.
DASTARTUP is the world's first portable device to deliver a glasses-free and hands-free augmented reality experience.
DASTARTUP is the amplified people company. We expend people capabilities through augmented technologies.
DASTARTUP develops and leases autonomous, multipurpose robots that work on repetitive and time-consuming tasks to improve sales & customer satisfaction and assist staff members. The company currently sells two robots: Waldo, a humanoid robot, and a trash can robot.
INNPLAYLAB is s robotic startup focusing on social robot & robot platform development. market. Our first product, IJINI is a Companion robot by engaging interaction with you and your family performaing personal assistant, security, monitoring, home automation, Internet of Things.
MJI develops communication robots under the slogan, More Joyful Innovation. We envision a future in which robots can be an assistant at office,a receptionist at a front desk,a bedside nurse in a hospital, and even a companion in your home.
Smart services for elderly people and their caregivers
DASTARTUP is the first collaborative website which gives you the possibility to try a product before buying it. Connect with passionnate existing customers around you and discover, with them, the product you would like to buy.
We build technology to deal with distracted driving in an innovative way. Our solution helps companies, their employees and individuals everyday.
DASTARTUP is a web marketplace that works with local stores using our «click & collect» solution. Client chooses his product on our website, we prepare and drop it in lockers, using DASTARTUP green vehicle then he collects his product thanks to a code that we sent on his phone.
With the ambition to become leader of connected health for baby-care, DASTARTUP has developped TUCKY, the first smart wearable thermometer that monitors remotely baby's body temperature.
DASTARTUP is an IoT service of embedded information on mobile and non-powered assets. DASTARTUP's aim is to create business-value and therefore monetizable customer-value in the Supply Chain's world of its customers.
DASTARTUP is is first service dedicated to well-being in office space. Based on innovative sensor devices, it allows to leverage both entreprise performance and energy efficiency.
DASTARTUP builds smart electrical trailers for bycicle that can carry up to 250 kilos behind anybike without any effort from the biker. Our trailers are self driven and adaptable to anybike .
DASTARTUP is the address of tomorrow. It is now easy to share precise locations using your email or phone number, or anonymous code!
NaturalPad develops Body Movement Based Videogames for health.
Seamlessly find and book your parking spot. Save time and up to 60%! Parking has never been so easy :)
DASTARTUP is made of a gateway connected to sensors. A software of behavior analysis automatically learns the life habits of the person to protect and then is able to detect abnormal situations.
With DASTARTUP, online retailers can send branded and proactive notifications to their customers at each step of the delivery process. Reassured by their ecommerce website, customers don't call the support anymore. They're happier, they come back and buy again.
Connectable watch for kids merging Fun, Health and Security. Kids can create their own super-hero and use it in many games BUT to do all those activities they will have to do exercise to recharge hero's energy. It can also: check for allergies, reminders, localisation, text,. . .
DASTARTUP is the marketplace for home renovation. We are the trusted third party that assists and simplify your project, allowing you to work with top quality local builders.
DASTARTUP is an Autonomous Parcel Delivery Droid. We design and manufacture droids that will contribute to the future laste mile urban logistics.
We are developing a human supportive artificial intelligence with judging and empathy capabilities. We use our context-aware recommendation system to analyze then match patterns. We help HR and Finance industries make decisions with better guidance.
DASTARTUP is a mobile testing platform that lets you recruit, measure engagement, or evaluate professional skills in a gamified app. DASTARTUP helps HR professionals all around the employee lifecycle.
DASTARTUP is a truly innovative recruiting solution which facilitates internal mobility and external recruitment, based on digital Referrals !
Smartsearch is a product from Multiposting that helps companies tackle the secrets of the recruitment market. we provide Machine Learning & Analytics to understand what are the recruiting challenges, the trending skills or to power your sourcing tools with semantic analysis.
Our technology transforms Facebook into a source of talent, enabling enterprises to extend their employer brands, drive referrals efficiently address specific profiles with targeted job ads.
DASTARTUP is a media specialized in recruitment. Our platform aims to bring closer companies and 20-35yo job seekers. The approach is qualitative and content oriented with pictures, videos, interviews, etc.
We develop innovative devices that monitor biometric and sport parameters on racehorses. We create high-quality information through the strength of our algorithms. Equine Big Data expert.
DASTARTUP is an expert company in the digital animation of corporate, professional, sports and cultural events. Our job is to allow an organizer to easily create an interaction with audience, thanks to innovative animation services. Test our services for free on www. DASTARTUP. com
For race tracks desiring to engage a wider audience, EyeLIVE Media provides a platform to enhance the wagering experience.
DASTARTUP is a for-profit social impact app which turns peer-to-peer sports based bets into tax deductible charitable donations. Our award-winning app, which can be found in both the android and iTunes markets, is the legal and fun way to engage in sports entertainment.
DASTARTUP is a community platform where customers share their experience in real-time with other customers, with the brands and with websites' visitors through a live chat. As a brand, leverage your customer engagement and create an outstanding experience in a convivial environment
DASTARTUP Fire is the last mile data provider with 100% reliability. We create Users' segments given the physical places they visit and provide our Clients with the ROI for their drive-to-store campaigns. Our solution is fully compliant with the current and upcoming CNIL regulations
We offer a geolocation system to track people and assets in order to proactively detect safety risks and alert workers through a connected vest. Additionally, our system gathers field insights to improve workflow efficiency thanks to BI & Big Data integration in the BIM.
DASTARTUP has develop a localization and positioning system . Our solution is based on ultrasonic waves and radio giving 3D position with a centimetric accuracy. It might be useful to your operations and customers. . .
We believe that the IoT should be used to entertain people and bring them closer. Discover a new way of watching sports and enjoying the fan experience. Play, Live and Share emotions through joyful interactions that will connect you to social media, brands and other fans.
DASTARTUP brings the virtual closer to your reach through our internet utilities. By providing the best quality solutions to all your needs. the company is able to grow largely in our engagement with our local and international clients. Over the years ,the company has been deliverin
DASTARTUP makes digital and emotional experiences developing collaboration between sellers and customers. We use digital tools to help sellers optimize their sales. We create customer experiences to increase traffic on points of sale.
PLAY PMU,FOOT . . . FREE OF CHARGE!We turn gambling into a free financial assetWe use coporate communication investments to allow people to gamble. Their winnings can only be spent as vouchers in the companies that sponsored their gambling tickets.
There are 2 billion players on earth, playing different games on multiple devices. DASTARTUP is solving numerous of players, publishers and brands problems by providing a gaming social platform with advanced services thank to marketing and big data.
Connected maintenance solutionsOptimize your maintenance operations thanks to the Internet of Things
Blockchain-based digital signature to certify, link & trace documents, data & processes. We embed proof of integrity, attribution & existence inside files for local & instant verification. Security, privacy & auditability for Industry, Supply-Chain, Insurance, IoT, Media.
CLAC turns your smartphone into a concierge. Have a need ? Send a text saying what you're looking for, get a quote, and as soon as you accept, your order is off and running. Now everyone has a concierge service, at the snap of a finger.
Simply take control of your food waste. LeanPath is a fast-growing, privately-held business with offices in the U. K. and the U. S. Our team works with foodservice organisations across the globe to help solve the global food waste crisis and end avoidable food waste.
DASTARTUP is an esports club, production company and media. We manage video games players competing in high stakes tournaments around the world while creating memorable live content and producing high quality events to help brands deliver their message to a young audience.
DASTARTUP. com is the 1st website that helps you find the best beauty products for you. You feel lost in the jungle of cosmetics products ?Talk with DASTARTUP's algorithm, and DASTARTUP will calculate your matching score with all cosmetics, to help you find the best products for you.
Nunki is a location-based technology that leverages the true power of social media: ubiquity
DASTARTUP measure and amplify the impact of TV & Radio ad campaigns via their digital environment. Since 2014, DASTARTUP has accompanied its clients in their goals to increase their ROI, better optimise their media planning strategies and pursue TV customer experience on digital.
DASTARTUP is building smart maps for those who want to share and explore what's happening in the real world. DASTARTUP empowers publishers to create and embed live maps with their content in minutes and already works with leading brands reaching 4 millions viewers each month.
DASTARTUP develops solutions for gesture control as well as body tracking with focus on use cases in automotive  as well as Augmented-/Virtual-/Mixed Reality.
DASTARTUP offers the 1st online marketplace that connects car owners with the best local auto repair services in Mexico. We are building the future of automotive servicing in Latin America. We bring convenience and transparency to the automotive servicing industry.
Connectivity in cars disrupts legacy marketing methods used by aftermarket. Fusepoint developed connected marketing that uses always-on connectivity with proprietary data science methods to deliver new real time, accurate and intelligent marketing, aftermarket needs to compete.
DASTARTUP created the fuel station of tomorrow. Mobile, clean and safe, it empowers our client to never have to go to fuel stations again and to have a modern refueling experience by delivering fuel where they are.
DASTARTUP is a leading provider of innovative THz-based solutions in automotive, Medical and IoT. We provide disruptive solutions to different markets with strong capabilities in component, optics and software development. Our first solution is contact-free vital signs monitoring.
#WellBeing: Sit back and track your vitals!Compatible with any car seat, our conformable force sensing solution enables unobtrusive heart and breathing rate monitoring. Get in touch and discover our #InteractiveDashboard solutions.
DASTARTUP is an Artificial Intelligence solution dedicated to networks managers  facing a growing complexity impacting operational processes. DASTARTUP creates a digital double useful for operational teams to monitor, predict & simulate flow propagation
DASTARTUP  is the office sharing specialist in France. In 2017, we're launching Flex by BAP, a mobile app for large groups & HR to deploy remote work.
MeetJune opens doors for people around the world to host, discover and book unique local travel experiences. Whether its a 3-course dinner in the heart of Amsterdam or a market stroll through Barcelonas La Boqueria, MeetJune opens doors to unforgettable travel experiences.
What we envision is a community of passionate local people that could take travelers out to show them the hidden gems of their so beloved city, prepare them their signature dish or create a home away from home
DASTARTUP is the word's leading hospitality network, bringing together the industry's top players into a single community of more than 100'000 qualified talents, 2'000 employers and 160 partner schools.
Platform to book visits&tastings in farms with producers . We provide to customers a very easy access to real and great Terroir experiences / we provide to producers a full solution to generate extra-income from tourism. Do not just eat Terroir, live it!
AYRUU is the new app which the concept is the travel assistant and a co-travel tool. AYRUU has been launched on Apple Store and Google Play in February 2017. It was created by a company called DASTARTUP based in Paris.
DASTARTUP is a peer recognition tool for teams. It helps happiness at work, productivity, and engagement. With DASTARTUP, companies motivate and reward employees for taking actions that matter to their business.
We recommend destinations to travellers based on their history of travels
DASTARTUP is a digital guestbook that collects, analyses and highlights comments and data from physical visitors.
DASTARTUP, is the first intelligence engine helping visitors in a few clicks to create a visit plan according to their profile and hobbies. Afterword, they are guided and able to book their activities. The engine enrich itself throughout the use and return informations about trips
DASTARTUP is Neurotechnological startup specialized in EEG monitoring and realtime analysis. Our first application is Melomind a headset which measure with relaxation level and train your brain with its neurofeedback program.
Plattar is a cloud-based platform that allows brands, publishers and agencies to create, manage and distribute Augmented Reality content in a simple, cost-effective way. The platform comprises a template driven app builder and content management system for managing AR experiences
Predictive maintenance solutions for aircraft, engines and components
DASTARTUP is the AI to help us better understand and manage our time. It helps individuals and professionals improve concentration, organize their tasks, find a better balance, and get back time for the things that matter.
DASTARTUP is specialized in development of 3D design and visualisation tools. DASTARTUP has a strong expertise in design of specific business applications and deliver software solutions for various domains such as enginnerering, simulation, training and communication
DASTARTUP is an online service that helps people to easily find their new home. People define their needs based on the places they live in  and their purchasing or renting power.
DASTARTUP helps the food industry optimize perishable food cold chains to guarantee products quality and reduce waste.
DASTARTUP works on innovative solutions to tackle food waste. Our last project « Cookies Evadés » allows retailers, bakers and restaurants to transform their bread surplus into delicious cookies.
DASTARTUP is the first chocolate factory in France to create chocolates thanks to 3D printing technology. We revisit the chocolate's standards and we implemented a chocolates' customization service to fulfill companies and people's expectations
DASTARTUP provides a full customizable ready to use eCommerce Saas platform that lets retailers sell online in few weeks
DASTARTUP is a subsidiary of Atechsys Group. It develops on request autonomous technologies for its customers. DASTARTUP is on the drone market since 7 years. We work on strategic markets such as Logistic, Security and survey, Environment and health.
DASTARTUP is a company which is specialized in designing training applications in virtual and augmented reality. We are also the creators of a world-unique interactive video system. Our aim is to provide all-terrain tools to make knowledge sharing simple and accessible for all.
DASTARTUP is a VR & AR studio dedicated to HR as well as a distribution plateform based in Paris. We are focusing on corporate training and learning , Employer's brand and Talent management .
We are developing immersive training experiences in safe environments in order to increase skills of employees and risk awareness.
DASTARTUP's technology allows you to create professional HD videos directly from our ready-made, easy-to-use templates in no time! Our clients are working in different sectors : Total, MMA, SFR, ESSEC, Cegos, Bureau Veritas, PSA, Emerige, Saint Gobain, Bouygues Immobilier. . .
DASTARTUP empowers mission-driven tech entrepreneurs to solve the global problems of 2030 through a variety of activities: acceleration programs for startups, open innovation projects for corporates, events, trainings and coworking spaces for our communities.
DASTARTUP automatically and instantly subtitles your conversations ! Deaf people can now make phone calls and never miss a word !
DASTARTUP is an online education platform that teaches caregivers to provide safe, high quality care to older adults. DASTARTUP creates award-winning classes that are evidence-based, bite-sized, and available 24/7 in both desktop and mobile formats.
DASTARTUP is the carpooling mobile app for companies. We change employees daily lives allowing them to easily carpool on their way to work.
DASTARTUP disrupt the classic codes and invent the first intelligent automated restaurant concept on the French market. Being able to benefit from a healthy and attractive food, at all hours, in all places and in all circumstances becomes very simple
DASTARTUP offers an employee secondment platform for short-term assignments, generating savings up to 30% of temp workers costs
Gamified assessments to bridge the gap between education and the labor market.
DASTARTUP leverages the power of IoT and AI to collect and analyse millions of customer feedback in real-time. We provide solutions to improve loyalty and satisfaction. Our smart management system helps team members to take the right actions when necessary.
We're a fresh new technology company with a passion for coffee. We're bringing you the ultimate coffee experience and we're serving it up from the cloud. Troffee is a complete coffee shop, mobile app controlled that makes your favorite cup of coffee with just the tap of a button.
DASTARTUP, a cloud-based video game distribution service, offers a carefully handpick selection of games for everyone. An affordable monthly subscription allows instant access to games on all devices.
The pulse of citizens at local level. Based on a multi-million citizens' opinion database , Cities-Zen is a real time solution for local authorities to actively listen to their public opinion and create a rich dialog on topics that really matters to them.
DASTARTUP is the first mobile driving assistant that rewards good drivers. Drive ZEN en carefully and get DASTARTUPMiles, granting you discounts and gifts on DASTARTUPStore. Follow and improve your fuel consumption.
Complete IOT solution for transportation and mobility: from car sharing and passenger analytics to logistics and security.
DASTARTUP | Making Sense of SensorsWe offer the most scalable solution for capturing hyper-local mobility context.
Industrial Data cloud based analytics to improve Energy performance and competitiveness in manufacturing
DASTARTUP aims to deliver demand response energy services to federated, distributed generation sites using an award-winning enterprise open-source software platform. Through communities of consumers, DASTARTUP will deliver lucrative services to local utilities.
DASTARTUP is a global technology company whose unique approach to complex modeling & simulation speeds the transformation of the world's most critical industries. DASTARTUP applications provide interconnected insights to help CEOs plan for today and tomorrow.
DASTARTUP is a « marketplace maker », a global platform for the creation of B2C, B2B and C2C marketplaces. In one single environment, it integrates some 70 modules enabling the creation of any type of marketplace.
DASTARTUP is a neurotechnology company based in Paris and San Francisco. Our first product, Dreem, is a sleep solution that syncs with your brain activity and improves overall quality of your sleep by helping you fall asleep faster, get deeper sleep, and waking up refreshed.
Digitalize your events! DASTARTUP bring digital interactivity and collaboration to your traditional event. Thanks to our solution, you can manage your event from the invitate to the attendees check-in. Attendees become digital contributors during your events !
DASTARTUP helps its clients succeed in their digital transformation by leveraging mobile opportunities in their organisation. We provide a simple and secure Enterprise App Store to make private mobile apps available to the company's workforce, on personal & professional devices.
The first reliable and non-invasive blood test to diagnose Alzheimer and other neurodegenerative diseases, for patients suffering from mild cognitive impairments. DASTARTUP fosters an earlier diagnosis in order to provide better care.
DASTARTUP is an innovative AI powered platform that allows companies to easily create chatbots on demand for employees. Chatbots created aim at easing access to useful information, be it regarding HR, processes, . . .
AI as a Service to monitor a manufacturing line/industrial process from the available sensors and data, to improve production rate and yield, reduce non-conformance, automate systematic quality controls, and suggest the best machine settings/process tuning.
DASTARTUP helps companies get offices on demand. Boost productivity & happiness, lower costs. > La Fourchette & Ticket Restaurant for offices
DASTARTUP is a 360 digital solution empowering Sponsor, Investigators and Patients to better monitor clinical trials and provide fast and accurate outcomes.
DASTARTUP develops a wearable disposable artificial pancreas which integrates a CGMS  and an insulin pump into one small wearable module. When used, it will manage the blood glucose level autonomously with minimal attention from the user.
Combining smart sensors and biomechanics, Gait Up provides objective motion analysis solutions for Sports and Health with wearables that rival accuracy of legacy motion labs, enabling remote monitoring through seamless function with telemedicine platforms.
DASTARTUP is a provides customized platform to allow healthcare specialists to provide personalized remote healthcare to patients using data analytics and AI technology.
DASTARTUP takes medical triage into the 21st century to avoid unnecessary ER/doctor visits. Their conversational AI mimics the conversation with your doctor and takes you from your symptoms to the likely cause by asking questions and listening to your answers.
We can detect potential heart and respiratory problems just by using a common camera  that looks at your face, in less than 2 minutes. Our current focus is Atrial Fibrillation, but we can go far beyond. Visit our stand to assess your heart health today! :-)
DASTARTUP provides AI enabled real-time analytics for clinical trials. We help pharma and biotech companies bring life saving drugs to market sooner and at a lower cost.
At DASTARTUP we design and develop Artificial Intelligence-Driven platforms with the goal of transforming data in valuable services through AI. Our services target enterprises. Among our clients we have the pleasure to mention Sky, BNL, Ford, TIM, Olivetti, and FC InterMilan
DASTARTUP is the only predictive analytics company that models real-world connected, dynamic and recursive systems. LEDR secures any data source to create integrated systems of intelligence at extreme scale, rather than single silos of disconnected information.
Solution giving peace of mind to family carers, while empowering their loved one to stay independent & safe at all times, whether they suffering from a neurodegenerative disease or living with a disabilities
Learning algorithm connected to wearable devices and smartphones in order to predict disease evolution and future values of interest, give recommendations through a chat-bot interface and automatically supply drugs through a non invasive smartpatch
DASTARTUP helps people diagnosed with illness by providing the latest, cutting-edge, trusted, personally-relevant medical science, in a way they can understand and act, empowering them to make well informed decisions about their health.
Effectively, DASTARTUP is a personalized, AI-powered GPS to navigate chronic illness.
DASTARTUP seeks to partner with healthcare providers and biopharma companies as well as investors interesting in joining the ride and help people worldwide.
At DASTARTUP, we aim to improve the everyday life of people with a chronic disease. We constantly focus on making user-centered solutions to offer products that join technology and ease of use. We want to demonstrate that well thought uses can significantly improve patient's lives.
DASTARTUP is specialized in the development of biometric devices. We have developed and patented K'Watch Glucose, a glucose self-monitoring system in the shape of a smart watch. It measures glucose levels in the skin's interstitial fluid, without painful blood-sampling.
Electronic health record, patient data, real-life data and research services for degenerative neurological conditions. DASTARTUP provides novel data analytics solutions for the benefit of health care professionals, pharma industry, patients and society.
New digital platform  that connects patients/authorised care givers in need for highly qualified medical opinion, with the appropriate medical expert through built-in algorithm.
DASTARTUP is a secure digital platform where a user can follow & manage his whole health & well-being. Based on user's data & personal profile, our algorithm suggests goals & personalized coaching programs to allow the user to improve his wellness & become the actor of his health.
DASTARTUP provides you with a complete work tracking tool, suitable for small and large teams. Whether it's about improving: interdepartmental collaboration, project management, or simply synchronizing communication, our SaaS app is the solution for your team!
DASTARTUP is a technology start-up dedicated to complex systems coordination. We can connect, manage and coordinate any hardware of software systems, locally or remotely, with native graceful degradation to cope with failures.
DASTARTUP is the indoor mapping platform for Smart Buildings.
DASTARTUP is a unified positioning platform that combines all indoor and outdoor mobile positioning technologies under one umbrella. It provides the most precise position fix, easy-to-use tools for geofencing, triggering and wayfinding, and detailed analytics.
DASTARTUP is the leading enterprise bot platform to build intelligent bots.
DASTARTUP is pioneering the market for cybersecurity protection for machine-to-machine networks and industrial systems. ICS CyberVision helps industrials to ensure the availability, integrity and safety of their industrial systems while fighting against cyberattacks.
Leveraging years of research in the field of artificial intelligence applied to predictive analytics, DASTARTUP is a software vendor specialized in AI applied to big data. The Predictive Objects platform leverages the latest advances in big data & machine learning to provide Automated Embedded Artificial Intelligence. DASTARTUP’ technology places the intelligence where decisions need to be made: in the objects. Predictive Objects improves the outcome of business and industrial processes through actionable customer and asset intelligence. The platform leverages machine learning and big data to automate the creation and deployment of predictive models, augmenting human experts for faster and more accurate predictions that run where the data is produced and where decisions need to be made. Predictive Objects can be deployed and run anywhere: inside connected objects or machines, at the edge of the network, in industrial IoT platforms, in public or private clouds - bringing the decision model to the object and to the data.
DASTARTUP is a full cloud based saas platform which offers various HR Solutions. Three distinct services are already available on DASTARTUP : TRAIN: Online training - EVAL: Skills assessment - CHALLENGE: Organizing and hosting a hackathon.
We help companies change the way they hire Tech Talent and get directly in touch with passive candidates. Our AI-powered Cerebro continuously sifts through public and open source activity to single out candidates most likely to match a job opportunity.
DASTARTUP is the 1st meeting platform between students & professionals in real life. A great way to boost your employer branding, advertise the diversity of jobs in your company and build your pool of talented & motivated students! Join other great firms on myjobglasses. com
DASTARTUP : first tool that monitors well-being @work and empowers both managers and employees. Management will understand the true reasons of satusfaction and unsatisfaction within their teams. It provides effective HR actions to improve individual and collective performance
Drive team operational excellence with digital visual managementBRING WALLBOARDS TO YOUR ORGANIZATIONEmpower your team with highly visible display, easy to understand for anyone walking by and updated automatically with real-time data
DASTARTUP enables brands to add a Buy Now button on all its communication, redirecting to the retailers selling the products. It allows brands to have e-commerce features with minimum constraints. Used by L'Oréal, Unilever, Pepsico, TCL, P&G among 430 brands.
DASTARTUP helps retailers and industrial optimize their inventory management across their sales channels. Our strenghts are excellent knowledge of the Retail market and perfect control of the datascience and algorithms, which make our solutions the most accomplished one in the market.
DASTARTUP édite la solution SaaS N°1 de création de jeux marketing personnalisables permettant aux grandes marques de recruter, d'engager et de convertir leurs clients sur l'ensemble des points de contacts de la relation client.
DASTARTUP develops intuitive Industry 4. 0 applications for smartglasses. Our software gives users real-time access to critical factory data and the ability to control machines and production lines without a physical control station. We turn AR into a efficient tool for industry.
Developing Deep Intelligence Platform using semantic neurocomputing. Creating bots that can structurize any content in any language and offer up to 1000x more deep insight. Automating deep learning tasks like personal coaching, revealing weak signals and predicting operations.
ResQ gives surplus restaurant food a second chance by getting it sold before it becomes waste. Restaurants announce portions and users purchase them directly in the app, while ResQ takes a commission on actual sales. ResQ brings great food deals for the users and a brand boost al
DASTARTUP provides a quality system for evaluating the educational value of Edtech products. Our quality verification service is based on the most wanted 21st century skill targets and the world renowned Finnish pedagogical knowledge.
DASTARTUP provides more than 250 000 meeting rooms in 91 countries to be booked online as easily as hotel rooms. For meeting venues we offer an access to corporate meeting bookers with market leading conversion rate.
DASTARTUP: always the right sales approach - by nano-metrics of sales meeting psychology. DASTARTUP is a personal sales psychology coach, enhanced by IBM Watson AI. The real gist of it is our method of learning from each and every customer interaction: pat pending, USA / EU.
DASTARTUP provides a global sell/buy platform for native advertising bringing together publishers and brands in one single marketplace. We demonstrate 700% inventory value increase for both ends, driving innovative approach to content marketing and offer a game changer platform.
Automated and Artificial Intelligence assisted SaaS solutions for patent and technology information. Easy Decision-Support for your most important business and investment decisions. Why technology and IPR intelligence must not be frustrating, fuzzy and expensive anymore.
DASTARTUP Connects Companies to the Best Marketing Agencies.
We are a fresh and creative team, ready to map out your video strategy. 87seconds is a pan-european creative agency specialised in video production and video marketing strategy, with offices in Brussels , Paris, Lyon, Geneva, Amsterdam and Madrid.
DASTARTUP is a communication platform to create anticipation and rediscover the pleasure of waiting.
DASTARTUP is the leading online platform to engage digital audiences and collect data by creating and publishing viral interactions on websites, mobile apps and social media.
DASTARTUP has specialized itself into the creation, the installation and the personalization of environment control systems. Those systems allow disabled people to interact with the electrical equipment of their house on a manner adapted to their current and future abilities.
DASTARTUP is a start-up company with the aim to make agile and innovative technological tools available to industries in the context of the Internet of Things. DASTARTUP has developed 'real Time' management platform and devices for industries and SmartCities.
Since its creation in 2011 and in a context where the demand for proteins continues to increase, DASTARTUP works for a more natural and sustainable livestock food chain by producing insect-based primary ingredients in line with animal feed industry standards.
DASTARTUP is a new brand of baby-care products that looks for innovative ways to serve the parents of young children. The company has introduced La Multi, a truly revolutionary multifunctional 6-in-1 suitcase that is able to hold everything you need to care for your baby.
DASTARTUP is the leading French start-up in sports robotics, changing from today onwards the definition of sports wearables. PIQ thoroughly analyzes your game and provides you with your Winning Factors: the key strengths of your game, leverage them to win!
DASTARTUP is a leading provider of translation and language tools used by 20+ million people. DASTARTUP Context is the new technology based on big data and machine learning to translate and learn millions of words and phrases in context.
DASTARTUP wishes to center men at the heart of their environment. The firm activities are production and selling of ComHAND an electronical device, allowing to control industrial machinery intuitively, by simple gestures.
DASTARTUP develops digital solutions to keep your mind younger, healthier and sharper. We bring neuroscience, psychology and data science in an immersive experience using virtual reality to help executives to fight stress at work.
DASTARTUP provides an all-inclusive plateform for removals. We centralize all providers  on a unique and simple website to allow people to transfer, subscribe and managed all the contracts related to their home.
DASTARTUP designs and manufactures high-performance multitouch interfaces for manufacturing and construction clients
DASTARTUP is the most simple and safe way to sign your documents online in SaaS mode. The company is a certification authority and a trusted third-party, certified on the European level and member of the trusted list of the European Commission.
SoyHuCe is a new generation tech studio based in France that houses a R & D studio in algorithmics and data science. It is also a software publisher and a consulting agency. The company's mission is to support companies, industries and communities in their global issues related.
DASTARTUP is a start-up company specialized in Artificial Intelligence and Autonomous Robotics. We are currently conceiving the first smart robot dedicated to prevent, alert, and protect the house from intrusions, home-jacking and domestic incidents.
DASTARTUP delivers WebRTC-based development platform and integrated SaaS solutions for customer engagement, video assistance and real-time multimedia collaboration.
DASTARTUP : THE platform that makes collaborative service accessible to all companies. A massive, legal, qualitative and socially responsible platform that allows thousands of Talents to earn additional income by monetizing their time and know-how
DASTARTUP reinvents the way you manage your personal data with its personal cloud platform, Cozy and its applications made for all. This open source platform allows you to connect all your data for more services and less friction.
DASTARTUP is a mobile and web application that helps people taking care of their older relatives.
DASTARTUP is on a mission to help you get better sleep. We bring the science of body temperature into your bedroom with a non-intrusive product. Our smart device understands your sleep and regulates the perfect head temperature to fall asleep, sleep deeply and wake up refreshed.
We connect people to Smart City services in real time via citizen chatbots ! We group them in a community App available on iOS and Android : DASTARTUP.
The aim of DASTARTUP company is the development of high-performance yet low cost environmental sensors for customers and industrial uses.
Digital Community Pharmacy
DASTARTUP is an intelligent assistant that turns employee expectations into custom action-plans, in real time.
Blockchain-based digital signature to certify, link & trace documents, data & processes. We embed proof of integrity, attribution & existence inside files for local & instant verification. Security, privacy & auditability for Industry, Supply-Chain, Insurance, IoT, Media.
Analysis - Simulation - Validation - Collaborative - Parallelization - Alerts - Cost Optimization - Time Saving - BIG DATA - PROCESS MINING - Operational Excellence - Customer Journey - Root Cause Analysis - Fraud Detection - Automated - Human + Process Centric - Attitude
DASTARTUP is a wearable which prevents the loss and the theft of smartphone. It triggers an alarm as soon as your mobile phone is spirited away from you. The further you are, the louder the alarm is. In case of theft, the robber is forced to give up the phone and leave shamefully.
DASTARTUP aims at radically changing the way video games are watched online by giving you access to all the team and players point-of-views simultaneously in one single video user interface and letting you switch instantaneously between stream with no latency to see what you want.
First virtual coach powered by AI. For individuals and organizations going through personal, professional or academic transitions; for the development of critical-thinking, stepping-back, engagement, productivity, wellbeing and resilience.
DASTARTUP brings a platform that establishes a new trusted relationship between the end user and their service providers with their respective ecosystem. Through a personal dashboard, we walk the customer along their journey, protecting their data in compliance with the GDPR.
StoryEnjoy is a web app that will let an adult choose a story in the form of an e-book that will be read and filmed by a family member. The child, on the receiving end, will be able to listen to the story on his tablet, all while seeing his grandma or any other person read it.
DASTARTUP - HYDRATION SOLUTIONWe want to help people get a good habit of hydration, which would reduce hospitalizations  and the cost estimated to 1 billion euros per year for the community.
Eugene is a home barcode scanner that turns your trashcan into the smartest thing in your kitchen. Simply scan your products' barcode before throwing them away to sort them correctly, get rewards, and shop online in 1 click !
DASTARTUP is the first digital and mobile answer to the terror attack threat. From an alert, in case of emergency, to the public safety intervention, the DASTARTUP mobile application improves people safety and crisis management in schools, companies and public places.
ZapTogether is a platform for sharing and broadcasting innovative video content. A keep/zap system feeds the algorithm which defines in live what is broadcast in the flow. Result: everyone becomes the director of programs of global, collective and innovative flows.
DASTARTUP uses solar balloons to quickly bring energy on isolated sites and develop a lightweight solar panels technology integrated on top of their balloons. It produce enough energy to power ground activities and on-board equipments such as communication antennas or cameras.
DASTARTUP is a web and mobile application transforming the employee experience and revolutionizing their engagement at work, allowing companies to immediately take their employees pulse and react in real time.
DASTARTUP provides physical and digital solutions for creating local produce ecosystems on a global scale. The Leafy Green Machine is a complete cloud connected hydroponic growing solution inside an upcycled shipping container.
DASTARTUP is a service of healthy and tasty food delivery at your work, with an ideal nutritional intakes for your lunch break. It's a unique association between a medical-nutritionist and a French gastronomic chef. DASTARTUP is your first personal connected life coach.
DASTARTUP develops occupancy solution for workplaces. Its application, combined with Smart Devices , enable innovative services for occupants and drive workplace efficiency.
Through its connected platforms DASTARTUP animates digital native to make them more active, more connected, more health conscious and more data friendly.
DASTARTUP's vision is to be the leading global chatbot platform for B2C enterprise. We aim to lead this market by providing excellent and easy-to-use technology dedicated to marketers, backed by a strong and vast network of global partners and channels.
We organized Repair'Days to make your employees or clients more engaged with cicular economy. Thanks to our innovations, we can repair 98% of the devices and small appliances.
DASTARTUP is an online catering management system that makes receiving, producing, delivering and billing corporate catering orders simple and efficient. Our software takes the pain out of catering, from online order all the way to invoice.
DASTARTUP mission is to create world-class entertainment experiences with our games and mobile applications.
DASTARTUP is a company specialised in providing a white label, cross platform Sports VR app for broadcasters/rightholders and on filming Live Sport Events in Virtual Reality.
DASTARTUP offers an end-to-end smart and innovative solution for connected brands and venues. We address your business imperatives of real-time and contextual intelligence, data ownership, privacy and security.
DASTARTUP is a studio specialised in 360° videos, virtual reality animations and 360° website. We created the first 360 degrees store available on the web: the future of ecommerce. WE ARE MAKER / WE SHARE STORIES / WE LOVE TECHNOLOGIES
DASTARTUP develops solutions to optimize thermal comfort and energy efficiency. Being too cold/too hot directly affects workplace's productivity. DASTARTUP develops the most accurate thermal comfort sensor, integrating predictive algorithms to estimate specific factors
DASTARTUP guides its clients  in times of big changes to help them minimize their waste production with digital tools and innovative solutions, which help optimizing reuse and recycling of their furniture, equipments and/or materials.
What if tomorrow your machines would never break again? We do Predictive Maintenance for Industrial. Know your machines global usage, do better preventive maintenance, get to predictive maintenance.
DASTARTUP is a data science tool made for everyone. DASTARTUP enables different profiles of any department of a company to easily extract value from their data.
DASTARTUP leverages Artificial Intelligence to proactively monitor your end-to-end IT services in real-time including infrastructure, logs and real-users experience.
DASTARTUP provides a complete solution for predictive maintenance based on Industrial IoT and machine learning algorithms. DASTARTUP allows acting in time in order to avoid heavy and costly failures, but never too early to avoid expenses and unnecessary downtimes.
We send data over the air! Any speaker can broadcast our patented ultrasound signal. Any microphone will hear it for presence detection, contextualized mobile interactions and data transfer where Bluetooth and WiFi are not welcome.
IoT Solution for Optimized Cleaning Operations & Toilet Monitoring
A catalog of integrated applications in a SAAS platform to successfully accelerate all initiatives of change, agility & growth. Built for the next-generation empowering organizations, they aim to reduce meetings, connect silos, elevate decision-making with AI and stimulate change
DASTARTUP is a SaaS platform that helps you create without a single line of code smart Chatbots that have an immediate and measurable impact on your business and your customer services.
DASTARTUP develops bio-inspired vision sensors and systems to help machines see. Our technology brings significantly improved performance and efficiency to machine vision while enhancing safety in vehicles, connected devices, robots and other products.
Creator of innovative digital customer experiences for companies worldwide. For events or permanent installations in lounges, malls, shops, labs, terminals, public spaces. . .
Wizigo is the first community based GPS for the visually impaired. Everyone can help by signaling roadworks, points of interest or routes to follow. Information is shared in real-time with other « Wizigoths ». Guided by spatialized audio, walking around becomes easier and safer.
DASTARTUP designs, develops and markets innovative display solutions based on the technology of transparent screen and digital holography, commonly known as Pepper's Ghost.
DASTARTUP startup proposes collaborative robots  specifically designed for interactions with operators.
DASTARTUP is an automatic and connected dispenser of optimism. Our new technology seeks to establish a positive mind-set to inspire, drive action and improve our well-being, through an on-deman optimistic newspaper. DASTARTUP adapts to customer's mood thanks to data and connectivity.
DASTARTUP enables large organisations to re-invent their business by leveraging Big Data and AI. By including the latest open-source technologies, DASTARTUP is the perfect toolbox to get Big data initiatives into production: extract and refine data, build & run AI based applications.
DASTARTUP proposes users to create by themselves their daily transportation offer. DASTARTUP sells the mobility plans and also short distance carpooling services  and public transit custom-made.
42 is an all-in-one data platform made for retailers. Our cloud-based software uses the latest data processing technology to provide an intuitive dashboard for live eComm, POS, merchandising, and inventory data. Our customers include AllSaints, David Yurman, and Rebecca Minkoff.
DASTARTUP is a cloud-based platform that lets online stores easily create and deliver 3D, VR and AR shopping experiences. DASTARTUP brings an in-store browsing experience to online retail through interactive 3D images.
Interactive 3D experience increases store conversion by 10-30%.
DASTARTUP is a full pipeline solution that allows businesses quickly and easily create and embed 3D product images into their online stores. DASTARTUP solution works 10 times faster compared to competitors and optimized for production of thousands SKU per day. DASTARTUP proprietary 3D format allows viewing the 3D Images 4x faster from any types of devices.
DASTARTUP combine traditional know-how and high technologies to develop new gold alloys while respecting future generations. Our first product is a whiter, more brilliant and more sustainable 18k white gold.
DASTARTUP offers luxury homes, art galleries, and e-commerce companies a 3D solution to create highly realistic virtual showrooms. Visitors find themselves immersed in a shop where they freely move, discover the products and buy them, comfortably sitting in their favorite sofa!
DASTARTUP is a leading plaform in online recommendation. DASTARTUP identifies in real time the right products, contents or commercial offers to display to each user at the right time, in order to maximize the potential for clicks, views and purchase.
DASTARTUP solves the two biggest consumer complaints for skin care & cosmetics:* Finding the right colour shades for my skin tone. * Creating a streamlined skin care regimen for my individual and changing needs.
DASTARTUP is proud to present De Blangy the world's first nail polish that changes color in ten seconds. To switch from one color to another you simply apply heat over 40 degrees  and to go back to the first color you apply cold on your nails (
DASTARTUP creates scalable, sewable smart fabric products that can heat, provide illumination, sense, and more. This 'smart layer is sold B2B to brands  to add functionality and value, to truly make wearables wearable without affecting style.
DASTARTUP builds AI-powered virtual stylist bots for retailers & publishers, providing a new conversational commerce channel for customers. Our technology uses computer vision and deep learning to enable image uploads to shop the look, see who wore it, experience VR, and more!
DASTARTUP® is a patented process, unique in the world, that brings wine to the pinnacle of its potential and reveals all its aromatic qualities thanks to Nano-Aeration.
PAPTIC - the Next Generation of Paper. The wood-based material is replacing plastics, paper and textiles in carrier bags, flexible packaging and many other applications. The patented material enables the production of premium quality eco-friendly products.
DASTARTUP professional solution is based on AI. Our algorithms analyze people's EMOTIONS in customer's feedback. Our SaaS platform offers analytics to improve loyalty & to reduce churn. Our API provides predictions to detect alarming situations and anticipate critical situation.
Born of the marriage of design and science, DASTARTUP shapes natural silk through the mastery of a unique technique. Our silk, which has the sheen and lightness of organza, inspires some of the most exclusive names in the world of haute couture, luxury interior decor and packaging
Making online videos interactive and shoppable, and providing detailed video analytics.
DASTARTUP connects the dots between digital influence and offline revenue for beauty and fashion brands. Through proprietary data and software, Tribe helps identify, manage and measure key industry influencers; track and compare campaigns; and benchmark against competitors.
City experiences by local experts. DASTARTUP is the most authentic way to connect to a city.
DASTARTUP is an innovative mobile travel solution that combines the functionality of a personal smartphone and hotel services into one fully integrated deviceDASTARTUP is a powerful hospitality solution for uplifting revenue and guest satisfaction
DASTARTUP reinvents the customer experience for the Food & Beverage industry. We provide digital solutions to restaurants  on all devices  to create additional revenues and increase customer satisfaction.
An innovative SaaS platform to create, deploy and monitor intelligent voice applications and chatbots. DASTARTUP supports all major voice and chat platforms  and does not require previous developer experience.
THE FIRST PROXIMITY NETWORKING SOLUTION BASED ON A CONNECTED BADGE AND A PREMIUM EVENT APPLICATION WHICH PROVIDES A QUICK ACCESS TO THE PROFILE OF THE PARTICIPANTS AROUND YOU.
ADVTECH develops and markets a range of wind turbines based on innovative rotor technology. This technology offers significantly better performance than current technologies, allowing the production of machines with slower speed rotation with state of the art efficiency.
We make compressed air energy storage units, rated at 1 MW and more, with 70% roundtrip efficiency, 25 year lifetime, and at a cost below 100 euros/kWh for more than 4 hour duration storage. Our units can also produce cooling power, at no additional cost.
DASTARTUP develops and manufactures a new generation of multi-gas analyzers out with conventional technologies and applying to green energy analysis such as Biogas and Biomethane.
ARIA designs numerical simulation systems allowing to represent and forecast air quality in cities and industrial plants, worldwide. These systems are useful to inform the citizens and to orient public policies and company policies towards sustainable solutions.
Creative & technical content makers: Animation & Virtual Reality. Created in 2008, DASTARTUP is specialized in animation. That?s how we try to differ from our competitors, by injecting our core know-how  into our VR creations.
Carpooling platform that aims to improve everyday's transport and raise one's purchasing power. DASTARTUP motivates drivers on the virtuous path by facilitating free-seats filling on their daily commute.
DASTARTUP automates infrastructures inspection with calibrated 3D pictures. This is a SAAS solution with Automatic Acquisition via Robot Foto, Automatic Analysis using Artificial Intelligence and a predictive module. DASTARTUP inventorises your equipments & geolocates defects.
DASTARTUP is smart button that manages your home for you, gives an awareness to your home and brings all the services of a real DASTARTUP to your home
DASTARTUP is a pioneer of autonomous IoT solutions dedicated to smart water, smart building and smart maintenance. We mainly use next-generation long-range networks such as Sigfox or LoRa and provide complete solutions, including hardware and software innovations.
DASTARTUP, expert together, the first connected expert service for indoor air quality. We propose collaborative approach for breath better. Our goal is to offer you customized improvement actions associated with a connected thing that measures indoor air pollutants
Inspired by public transport, DASTARTUP is the 1st virtual carpooling lines network dedicated to airport transfers. Using our mobile app, we connect passengers and drivers aiming to drive to or from an airport, sharing both expenses in a user-friendly context.
Enairys Powertech develops and delivers clean and cost-effective energy management and storage systems based on its innovative compressed air technology. These systems aim at enhancing the exploitation of intermittent renewable energy sources like photovoltaic and wind sources.
DASTARTUP gives technical teams a superpower : Fix any problem in less than 15 minutes, at anytime, everywhere in the world.
DASTARTUP developed an hydrogen-based liquid carrier, stable and safe at ambient conditions, enabling logistics similar to conventional fuels. By producing this liquid from renewables , this solution facilitates the uptake of green hydrogen based applications.
DASTARTUP is a pioneer in France when it comes with his innovative services oriented software architecture. We make software dedicated to industry  and Smart Buildings with an application portal delivering services to building residents
DASTARTUP is active within airborne wind energy. It extracts energy from higher altitude winds using kites towed to a ground-based generator. 90% less material consumption and higher altitudes result in an unmatched levelized cost of energy  compared to other energy sources.
Mini Green Power designs and assembles mini energy plants varying from 500kWth to 5MWth that turn biomass waste into energy . Our technology allows us to process biomass up to 50% humidity with a very large range of applications: heat or cold generation, drying and electricity.
DASTARTUP is developing a solar photovoltaic solution adapted for temporary applications. Inspired from satellite technologies, its generator is compact, modular and mobile.
DASTARTUP is designing a unified network architecture based on edge computing, to manage smart buildings and smart cities. The architecture's purpose is to ease the development of services, such as energy efficiency and building a collaborative local network to connect neighbors.
Pragma Industries is a worldwide recognised hydrogen fuel cell company expert. Turning the hydrogen economy into a reality. Our focus is on portable power and mobility applications. Our latest innovation , the hydrogen powered electric bike.
DASTARTUP is a French company specialized in biogas treatment and recovery since 1990. We design and manufacture our technologies :- VALOPUR : Biomethane unit- AgriGNV : Distribution/Production of bioNGV - VALODOR : Gas odorisation- VALOTHERM : Boilers- PROFLARE : Flares
With the Q. rad computing heater, Qarnot brings free & green heat to buildings and makes them smart, more secure and comfortable. First computing heater using microprocessors as heat source, it works as a 100% green distributed data center.
DASTARTUP is an amazing technology that allows to calculate and simulate the potential of sunlight and brightness of a place for all the days of the year, from photos taken via a smartphone application: terrace, apartment, office, balcony, garden etc . . .
LOLA is a revolutionary, secure and energy efficient connected storage tackling environmental and privacy issues. Backup and share easily. LOLA owners can share their storage capacity in the cloud, in return they can earn free content and discount with partner services.
DASTARTUP offers an innovative, renewable and dispatchable electric supply solution designed for small villages located at the end of the grid. Our micro-Pumped Hydro Storage, sustainable and competitive, coupled with PV panels, will be sold at first in non-interconnected zones.
We are developing an innovative storage system for renewable energies. The Smart Energy Hub, using the most efficient hydrogen technology, powers energy autonomous buildings and districts. Clean and local energy for businesses, industry and transportation is now possible.
DASTARTUP is an award-winning visual database as flexible as a spreadsheet that makes it incredibly simple for professionals to manage sales, projects, documents and mobile field services. Already used by Capgemini, Blackpills & Engie. #visual #agile #PMO #CRM #FSM
DASTARTUP designs and develops solutions for buildings and connected objects. DASTARTUP presents Hemis, a solution that makes your building smart while reducing building's energy footprint. Hemis operates with Hemis OS, MyHemis Application, Hemis Luminion & Quickmove connected objects.
We created a low cost sensor produced in China and created in Chile, which allows monitoring energy consumption in real time through IoT technology
We help companies to shape and deliver their digital transformation, using strategy, design thinking, agile methodologies and rapid-development techniques. We bring designers, developers and creative technologists, involving clients and final users to create innovative solutions.
Our mission is to help people to enhance their health and security with smart connected eyewear. We include various sensors in the eyewear to capture data that is exploited and analyzed by algorithms. Our first product is a use-case preventing driver's drowsiness.
THE SMART MOBILITY SOLUTION for corporate fleets and car rental companies. DASTARTUP is a smart solution based on Valeo InBlue® technology allowing one to open and start a vehicle with a smartphone. It digitizes the whole rental and car-sharing experience.
We help Transport Professionals Prevent fatigue Related Accidents
DASTARTUP is a French start up created in 2013. We develop a unique technology of eye-tracking, that allows to make mobile interactions in real time with the surrounding, which opens new possibilities in transport, defense & secutity, neurology, and training & ergonomy.
Starting with a medical watch band we want to create a new generation of health monitoring devices using last optical & chemical sensors combine with patent software's for human bio-metrics interpretation; & work on a consortium partnership with main Swiss Med-tech companies.
More then collect important medical data; we mainly focus on create useful Human/machine interface devices to increase Human Health, wellness and security.
Culmineo predicts the value of your websites visitors, telling apart humans and bots, friendly and hostile bots, high value customers and others. Then, Culmineo filters, prioritizes and accelerates them to deliver the best service to the customers who matter the most to you.
DASTARTUP develops the most productive Predictive Services Development Platform for the whole data team - from beginner data analysts to expert data scientists. This all-in-one platform, DASTARTUP DSS, integrates all the capabilities required to build and deploy end-to-end.
DASTARTUP offers companies, whatever their size, to benefit from the latest advances in Data Science by solutions in SaaS mode answering their business problems. Our added value is based on: Optimal exploitation of data
DASTARTUP relies on a Data Lab and a Digital Factory. Our data scientists help companies creating value from data, from project design to industrialization. Our expertise covers prediction, recommendation, segmentation, fraud detection, network analysis.
DASTARTUP is a software company dedicated to the Fashion Luxury and Cosmetics industries who helps brands and agency working on their PR and Influence Marketing strategies.
DASTARTUP is the editor of Crosscut, the iPaas & API Management platform to rapidly & securely connect data and applications in order to accelerate Digital Innovation. DASTARTUP entered the Magic Quadrant for iPaaS 2017 and is one of the top 20 worldwide leader on the iPaas market.
DASTARTUP helps organizations launch their open data portals in a quick and cost-effective way. Our platform allows to collect data from multiple sources, break data silos, share interactive visualizations, foster applicative development through APIs and collaborate with stake
DASTARTUP is specialized in real-time predictive Analytics based on massive unstructured Data. Combining technology, data science and business expertise, QuantCube delivers predictive solutions to major international institutions and corporates, in multiple sectors.
At DASTARTUP we develop and design bespoke innovative bioinformatic solutions that extract new knowledge from omics data. We help pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies identify patterns inside their data which are then used to build predictive in silico models.
Accelerate the time-to-value of your big data! DASTARTUP allows you to deploy clusters in seconds to clean, enrich and transform your big data faster and with less ressources than any other solution.
DASTARTUP, the leading french company in 1to1 Predictive AI Merchandising Solutions has been launched in September 2012 by two experts in E-commerce : François Ziserman et Adrien Coutarel. The company has more than 150 customers such as Auchan Retail France, Sephora, Micromania
DASTARTUP enhances the value of an enterprise's Big Data by enabling analytical business users to quickly and easily discover, structure, clean, transform and enrich any raw and complex data into clean and structured formats for analysis.
360° videos are now everywhere from virtual reality to live events and video games. With it's 10 years strong experience and unique artistic touch, DASTARTUP leads the way to new storytelling and interactive experiences.
An established leader in the US and Europe in virtual reality headsets for smartphones, DASTARTUP® has already sold more than 500,000 headsets in over 6,000 stores since 2015.
We design, build and train AI powered, self-learning and multi-platforms chatbots. We help brands to spend less time on meaningless tasks, so they can focus on creating value for their customers. We provide a powerful platform associated with a full range of services.
Video monitoring to boost in-store conversion. We use cameras to detect specific visitor behaviours in shops and trigger real time notifications to sales representatives, to help them boost conversion in specific store areas.
The mobile application helps you manage warranty, maintenance and insurance of your most important things
We drive people to stores! We offer retail and brands real-time mobile customer engagement with NO APP, NO BEACONS and with NO need for technical setup! 2017 Silicon Valley Murphy Award for Outstanding Retail Technology.
DASTARTUP is a French startup specialized in the development and distribution of edible insect products. Our challenge is to introduce insects into European diets. We now offer 5 different ranges, for example whole seasoned insects, energy bars and pastas made with insect flour.
DASTARTUP is the first cooking App ever to use advanced visual/ vocal recognition technology. You take pictures with your mobile device of any grocery product you have around at home or at the supermarket and the App generates you recipes based on just those items.
DASTARTUP is building a fleet of autonomous robots designed to deliver goods locally in 15-30 minutes within a 2 mile radius.
Artificial intelligence which sublimes the wine. We produce a virtual sommelier which could be embed on all solutions and which using an artificial intelligence dedicated to the peak date  of the wines.
DASTARTUP is an on-demand customer centric last mile delivery platform specialized in click & don't collect. We help retailers to provide their customers with new services such as ship from store, from 8 am to 10. 30 pm, 7 days a week.
Effortlessly grow your herbs, edible flowers and baby vegetables directly in your kitchen. Do you have a brown thumb ? The Véritable® Garden takes care of everything!
With its horticultural LED lighting, automatic irrigation system and ready-to-use refills , this hydroponic indoor garden guarantees healthy and tasty harvests all year round.
It is very simple to use : plug it in, insert the Lingots®, fill the water reservoir. You can harvest regularly from 3 weeks and for 4 to 6 months.
Each Lingot® contains organic seeds and soil, plus essential nutrients for your plants. Guaranteed without GMOs or pesticides, this patented refill is 100% biodegradable and compostable.
With his high-performance technology and elegant design, the Véritable® Garden will be your new culinary partner.
DASTARTUP is a leader in mobile learning solutions for business training needs. DASTARTUP is the only company to offer complete and multilingual educational apps, based 100% on native mobile technology, which ensures optimal user experiences that are engaging and fun.
DASTARTUP operates a global network of beacons in smart city environments to allow mobile applications to engage with their users 24/7. DASTARTUP services are up and running in +60 cities in Europe and in Rio de Janeiro, with +130 000 beacons connected in public spaces.
DASTARTUP is the free mobile app that identifies products and connects consumers straight to relevant info and brand content for an immersive experience. -CONNECTED & CUSTOMISED PACKAGING
DASTARTUP is an app on-demand doctor house service that helps you request a board-certified, licensed and background-checked doctor to come see you at home.
We produce virtual reality 360 degrees films in Saas , and deliverable films for internet or head-mounted displays. We work with Samsung virtual reality materials for low cost and fast results. We rent head-mounted displays for meetings to show your films.
We believe in Objects Making Your Life Simpler. We create objects for your home that are extremely simple to set-up and to use. That's why we have designed missmo, the first digital sticky note that the entire family, from children at home to seniors living away, can share.
DASTARTUP is a French Fintech developing solutions aimed at facilitating the access to consumer credit for individuals. All its services, whether existing or future, are aimed at financial inclusion!
DASTARTUP is specialized in drone services, from design and manufacturing to remote-pilot training. Our engineers have created 2 UAVs : Drop'n Drone, the aircraft deployable drone ; and Up-start Drone, the convertible drone .
DASTARTUP curates the best of the world's satellite, airborne and drone imagery to make the most up-to-date images - and the insight they bring - accessible to absolutely everyone.
DASTARTUP is a young startup from Toulouse, France. It is developing the DIODON family, the first inflatable multirotor drones. Super easy to carry, amphibious and almost unbreakable, they are designed for recognition and inspection missions in rough environment.
DASTARTUP supports the ecological transition of urban areas. DASTARTUP uses earth observation data to advise, quantify and optimize the functionalities of the sustainable city.
To design innovative technologies for our customers and contribute to highly sustainable solutions by ensuring modularity, performances and reliability. We focus on mobility, positioning, data collection and processing, for the aerial, terrestrial and maritime applications.
DASTARTUP designs and sells 100% green power stations that produce electricity using any kind of renewable energy storing them intelligently in the form of hydrogen. SAGES®  ensure permanent uninterrupted power to sites and communities.
Turnkey nanosatellite solutions for Earth Observation, telecommunications, science and more.
Reconcile CIOs and employees in businesses for apps creation. Turn each employee into an actor of the digital transformation.
DASTARTUP uses LP space technology to connect any sensoring device to the IoT. Location, temperature, pressure, vibration, open/closed, leak, broken, mileage, speed,. . . are transmitted through our satellites from anywhere on the planet - possibly combined with Sigfox/Lora/NB-IoT
DASTARTUP is specialized in the development of cloud based mission control system for satellite missions
DASTARTUP specializes in the design and production of RF passive components  using Additive Manufacturing and coating technologies based on polymer or metal. These technologies are particularly well suited for Space and Aeronautical applications
Data analytics & Artificial Intelligence for sensors & machine data
Join a global community of travelers and make your trip a unique experience! We assist you with making better use of your waiting time by putting you in contact with fellow travelers at the same airport. Meanwhile we take an active part in enhancing the air transport ecosystem.
Software for spare parts and maintenance tools stock/inventory optimization for compelx machine maintenance, like aircrafts or trains. Definition of optimum stock levels, reducing investment while the operational availability increases and the risk of shortage decreases.
DASTARTUP leads the world of location intelligence, empowering any organization and individual to discover and predict key insights through location data and then makes it available to their organization or the general public in the form of location intelligence apps.
Our name says it all. We are a silicon valley company building the world's first REAL hands-free and fully rugged head-mounted tablet solution for connected industrial workers.
DASTARTUP is re-shaping the B2B shipping industry with real-time visibility. DASTARTUP leverages datascience and IoT technologies to create a new user experience in shipping. The Saas platform brings transparency, speed and efficiency for both forwarders and shippers.
DASTARTUP develops low cost human activity sensors for Smart Buildings. Our sensors can detect presence or absence, count people, evaluate location and trajectories and measure occupancy. They are anonymous by design. Applications include building automation and space management.
DASTARTUP provides a cutting-edge ''Sensor-to-Cloud'' solution for companies that want to develop sensors data-based applications requiring very long range and long battery life wireless sensors.
Automated Predictive Analytics with Machine Learning & Open-Data. For Utilities, Energy, Retail, Catering or Transport. From Predictive to Prescriptive analytics to improve Operations & Supply. Leveraging Internet of Things Data  with Artificial Intelligence.
Our professional and experimented drivers will make your everyday life easier by driving you quickly and safely on a BMW electric scooter.
Sphere is an authoring tool to craft your own Virtual Reality and 360° interactive experiences without a single line of code.
DASTARTUP is a gamification company, a provider of innovative games for high efficiency meetings . Our core skills & ressources are technology, mobile devices, game designers, facilitators dedicated to engage participants.
Through ground-breaking AI technology, DASTARTUP helps companies understand and overcome from the inside the barriers that block their employees and performance. DASTARTUP involves and empowers employees to unleash collective intelligence.
Empowering mobile devices with musical AI to become your everyday musical companion, like an orchestra or a band. DASTARTUP mobile applications leverage music practice for all amateur musicians, including singers, to the joy of playing music virtually together, alone at home!
Smart and advanced solutions for and by drones and other unmanned vehicles. Development of cyber-physical components for UAVs. Integration of entire systems from mission specific components up to the SIG.
DASTARTUP and its associated Just-Right Consistency  tools are designed to support planet-scale cloud services and always-on applications.
DASTARTUP is a SaaS solution that enables anyone to easily define web analytics without any developers. There is no more need to add code lines into your website to track specific events. All can be done on the intuitive and easy to play DASTARTUP interface.
DASTARTUP is the first worldwide platform for Actionnable Environmental Intelligence for people, for business and for government. Our technology platform integrates and synthesizes environmental data in order to generate real-time, street level exposure forecasts for everyone.
DASTARTUP is the first holographic meeting platform. We combine depth cameras and AR/VR headsets to provide Star Wars like meetings that have no equivalent in terms of engagement and interactions.
Tooteko is a smart wearable device that combines touch and hearing to help the visually impaired to visualize objects that they couldn't experience otherwise. It's simple: you touch the object, then you listen to the audio track.
The democratization of industrial and collaborative roboticsDASTARTUP wants to make industrial robotics accessible to all, for small or medium serial production, and also for people without computers or programming knowledges.
Based on an innovative augmented reality and interactive environment integrated solution, personalized rehabilitation is now made possible at home with the AutonHome® program for people suffering cognitive illnesses such as stroke, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
DASTARTUP is the 1st virtual companion dedicated to the autonomy of the blind. Thanks to a combination of artificial & collective intelligence, embedded into our smart headset, we're able to vocalise the user's environment. We use to call it: The eyes into the ears.
DASTARTUP is a healthcare company focused on injury prevention, improved mobility and user-centred design and intervention. Our products offer opportunities within therapeutic intervention as medical devices to prevent falls.
Hi) by DASTARTUP is a smart video doorbell made in France connected through wifi or 4G, with both welcoming and security functionalities, to the house habitants' smartphones wherever they are.
DASTARTUP is a civic technology that strenghens the relationship between citizen and elected representatives at the city level. We provide citizen data to local governments and decision makers for a more agile and data driven governance model.
Founded in 2014 & based in Grenoble, DASTARTUP has developed a breakthrough energy harvesting technology able to generate energy from movements. The company unique value is the ability to deliver fully autonomous products and solutions satisfying today sustainable IOT needs.
DASTARTUP designs and manufactures intelligent sensors aimed to enhance streetlights functionalities. It's first generation of sensor, Kara, reduces dramatically light power requirements. DASTARTUP introduces its Smart Parking and Flow sensor evolution in 2017.
DASTARTUP is an Augmented Reality exercise solution for gyms. It involves enhancing cardio exercise programmes with gamification with AR glasses. We aim to transform the pain and boredom of traditional exercise for gym members into a fun and motivating game.
We develop Virtual Reality software and adaptive e-learning software for use in medical education which enables students to learn in an immersive, safe, modern, realistic environment. This prepares students for their real world jobs in a more efficient, cost-effective way.
ORBIS is developing solutions to revolutionize companies communication through holograms. It is necessary to find new ways of communication to get more impact on people, and with holograms it is possible to present and to interact with a product, a project, a service or an idea.
DASTARTUP ambition is to support and encourage the practice of sport in healthy conditions. Our first product, Running Care, is a mobile app for runners backed with a medical data platform aiming at preventing / predicting injuries.
Anamnese is an artificial intelligence that helps doctors make better diagnosis. Before the consultation, it conducts an interview with the patient, in a person to person manner, emulating a practitioner's reasoning. The time thereby saved, empowers doctors.
Medway is a healthtech startup that has developed a mobile application, enabling users to benefit from medical consultation provided by qualified doctors through their smartphone from anywhere in the world. One out of five medical cases does not require any medical act and could
DASTARTUP is the first 100% quantitative asset manager based on an open Darwinian model aimed at delivering best-in-class quantitative trading strategies. Blockchain is used to secure a perfect alignment of interests between customers, platform and strategy contributors.
No more logins, passwords, credit cards, keys or complications! DASTARTUP is based on a revolutionary biometric device, new Blockchain generation and AI. Its 12 patents solve one of the biggest problems of today's societies: lack of confidence and inclusion in all technologies.
DASTARTUP is a patented innovative technology for inclusive mobility. This universal solution is based ona gyropod integrating a verticalization system. It is designed for all categories of users from able-bodiedto disabled person. DASTARTUP is an intuitive way of move.
Immersive, programmatic brand placements for VR and AR.
DASTARTUP is the greatest platform to allow individuals to work for companies in a fully digital, transparent and secure way for both parties. A new way of working is born !
Launched in 2011 by Bruno Bonnell, Awabot is specialized in the Service Robotics and pioneer in mobile telepresence. DASTARTUP presents BEAM, a telepresence solution to boost employees engagement and productivity, specially in case of telework or multi-sites management
DASTARTUP with medical specialists has developed an artificial intelligence generating connected therapeutic programs for rehabilitation of patients with chronic diseases, making possible the prolongation of recovery programs beyond the walls of hospitals and healthcare facilities.
Sos-Agri is a m-agri solution that allows farmers who are facing urgent problems in their fields to launch a distress alert in order to benefit from the help of our agronomists.
DASTARTUP is a French software company having core activity with M2M solutions for assets and fleet management. DASTARTUP will present its brand new solution, UBIWAN, embedding GPS/GSM and LoRa  technologies dedicated to construction industries. Get the real KPI of your assets!
DASTARTUP is a platform that connects customers with deliverers thanks to a mobile app. Customers can order an instant delivery of their bulky items through DASTARTUP app.
IoT & machine learning in predictive maintenance and process optimization for industry.
Location de voitures entre particuliers dans les zones touristiques.
DASTARTUP designs and develops connected objects and apps for agriculture. DASTARTUP uses technologies of geo-tracking, sensors and Radio Frequency to create objects and solutions of traceability, monitoring and safety. Our solutions ensure useful data to improve productivity
DASTARTUP is a European start-up that is giving people ownership of their data. Backed by Wayra, Founders Factory and some of Europe's most respected entrepreneurs, they were named 2016 NASDAQ Rising Star for their work on the creation of a ?firewall for people?.
According to my mobility, where can I access? DASTARTUP is an interactive platform . Anyone can add details of places open to the public. This helps people with reduced mobility identify establishments that can meet their accessibility needs.
DASTARTUP leverages more than 10 years of R&D in AI to revolutionise the way to find, collect and deliver the right data. Our solution, AGGREGO, automatically delivers suitable data, giving business users more capabilities for working efficiently with less IT hand-holding.
DASTARTUP is a hosting solution that helps web businesses focus on their core activity, discarding the need to setup and maintain complex infrastructures and tooling, reducing hosting costs by 60%, enabling to deploy sites 7 times more often and increasing productivity by 30%.
Specialized in virtual and augmented reality, DASTARTUP design and produce unique and immersive experiences and we guide our clients in order to help them integrate these innovative technologies. The company was founded in 2005 and is made up of 25 individuals who are passionate a
DASTARTUP is an innovative start-up in the healthcare sector, addressing the issue of lack of medical care in remote areas. Mobile hospitals are deployed close to patient's home thanks to web mapping app. DASTARTUP eases the daily life of patients with nearby healthcare.
DASTARTUP serves busy women and men who lack of time to adopt good food habits, and miss knowledge to make right choices while willing to buy safe products or to cook tasty & healthy meals. How ? Through a smart personal conversation on Messenger, powered by food experts.
We create a new kind of PC, with the ambition to replace all PCs in the world. We take all the hardware components out of the PC and put them in the cloud, in order to make PCs  which are more powerful, cheaper, thinner and lighter.
Print2Taste developed world's first Plug & Play 3D Food Printing System Bocusini® Pro for creative and personalized creation of food in confectionary and event catering. The success is based on the combination of printer, specifically developed foods and software applications.
Save money and the planet. DASTARTUP is an innovative plug-and-play solution that helps oumeasure, reduce and offset your car's carbon emissions. Imagine: what if all cars were planting trees while driving?
DASTARTUP offers a SaaS solution for companies wishing to offer a new way to showcase their products, in 360 environments. Via paper prints or websites, visitors land in immersive virtual shops where they can see products in predesigned setups, purchase them, and more!
Breathe better! DASTARTUP purifies air in your home with a new technology called Aurora, which is 50 times more efficient than previous generations!
DASTARTUP, the best app to give and get free stuff. With DASTARTUP, you can easily give away objects to people around you, instead of storing or throwing them away. It also allows you to find free stuff you would have bought new or second hand.
DASTARTUP is a marketplace specialized in emergency and domestic reparations. We find within 20 minutes, in your geographical zone, an available specialized repairman who can start working in your home right away
Nuukik is a MarTech Startup for Retail. Our personalized product recommendations enable customers to find what they're looking for with ease, regardless the retail channel. E-commerce, M-commerce, E-mail, Call-Center, Store, Direct Marketing. #MachineLearning #DeepLearning
DASTARTUP is a geolocated mobile app which connects in real time local retailers to nearby consumers in order to sell in time their food surplus with a discount. At DASTARTUP, we believe that food should be eaten and not thrown away. Tha's why our goal is to keep food out of trash.
DASTARTUP is a digital P2P Business lending plateform which makes it possible to connect your savings to profitable SMEs, participating to the French economy growth. Individual lenders, companies and institutions invest together deal by deal or through our credit funds in care
DASTARTUPaims to handle the problem of undelivered parcels at home . DASTARTUPoffers a new out-of-home delivery service, in the trunk of the car, more adapted to the needs of mobility and flexibility of delivery schedules.
BIOWATCH TRANSFORMS YOUR WATCH INTO A SECURE SOURCE OF IDENTIFICATION USING THE UNIQUE PATTERN OF YOUR VEINS.
> The first platform to automate same day delivery> On-demand urban logistics for retail: we deliver your customers? online and in-store orders within 1 hour, or exactly when they want it on the same day.
DASTARTUP is a platform that helps people taste-test different careers, without the risk. We connect professionals and students to short term remote projects with startups, social enterprises and revolutionary companies all around the world.
DASTARTUP: Patented technology enabling brands to tailor their physical products to each and every customer. DASTARTUP is the interface between automated production systems and cloud-connected supply chains, creating unique garments for a similar unit cost and speed as mass production.
We are a creative studio providing high-end 3D Web and VR tools and experiences to enhance brand storytelling, boost marketing performance both on the point of sale and online, and solve critical business challenges such as skills training and corporate education.
Need a power nap ? DASTARTUP conceives and livens up spaces of revitalization in 10 mn stopwatch thanks to technologies as innovative as effective. A concept to be permanently installed, to be offered in short-lived and to live anywhere in the Bubble, our wellness truck.
The first agile metadata governance platform
DASTARTUP is specialised in Energy Optimization in B2B. Profoundly understanding the imperative of controlling energy consumption in buildings and industrial processes, we offer a wide range of hardware and software services to help our customers reduce their energy expenses.
DASTARTUP is a fully automated Machine Learning platform, high performance oriented towards usage for all sectors, IoT compliant, ready for M2M, able to handle Text, Time Series and Images.
No coding and no humans are involved during Data modeling.
DASTARTUP is an environmental technology company that makes smart devices and provides actionable data to help people find clean air. -Plume is working to fight the air quality crisis with the world's first crowd sourced, hardware enabled global environmental data platform.
People Analytics Solutions for #HR. Combines the latest technologies in data science & psychometrics to reduce the mismatch between individuals and enterprises.
DASTARTUP is a dataviz & reporting SAAS software for fortune 500 companies. Our goal is to help organizations make their data more meaningful and understandable. We design beautiful and simple charts to help people make better decisions throughout the day.
Analytics 100x faster with 10x less Server ! DASTARTUP is a BI / Analytics engine that responds in milliseconds regardless of data volume.
DASTARTUP is an IT consulting company that has expertise on Big Data. It is located in Paris and Bejaia .
DASTARTUP: a web platform for college and career guidance empowered by data visualization and artificial intelligence, gathering several innovative services that aim to help thousands of youngsters find their way.
Bee Angels brings a solution to help beekeepers check their hives remotely, and take proactive steps to keep their bees safe and happy, thanks to a new connected beehive system, called Bee Label, with remote alerts which notify beekeepers of early signs of trouble.
DASTARTUP developed an innovative ecosystem for the spatio-temporal monitoring of the plant cycle. This monitoring combine the climatic, environmental and field parameters to anticipate the agricultural yields, and by the way to provide a more accurate field monitoring.
DASTARTUP enables you to orchestrate your marketing activities across all channels and devices within a single platform. All of your data and communication silos are unified to deliver smarter targeting, relevant messages resulting in a better engagement.
DASTARTUP is the leading solution for influencer management. Its technology enables brands to optimize their influencer programs by identifying individuals with the highest signal for a brand or product, uncovering authentic social insights to build meaningful relationships, facilitating the activation of those influencers, and measuring their impact on the brand.
With over 150 enterprise customers and 40% of leading digital agencies, DASTARTUP's platform is the all-in-one solution leveraged by social, communications, content and product marketing teams to scale company-wide influencer programs.
As user you can plan all your trips  in your calendar!           As corporate customer all your Travel Management is in Microsoft Outlook.
Making great planes stand out in flight distribution: - Differentiate aircraft in flight shopping to bring value to operators and to consumers- Analyze distributors data to catch market trends and influence airlines choices
Since 2004, Vectuel has been a French leader in 3D for urban projects. Our success comes from our unique capability to curate visual experiences for all scales, from a simple room to an entire city, and for all stages of development, from design to marketing.
DIGITAL PERSONAL ASSISTANT 24/7/365 FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFIT AND CUSTOMER LOYALTY PROGRAMS.
DASTARTUP' vision is to help bring running water to every urban home. DASTARTUP has developed a solution that bridges the gap between water utilities and the urban poor: a prepayment service that comprises the world's only smart and prepaid water meter, and a billing software.
DASTARTUPis a digital audiovisual and VR production company which produces LES HAUT-PARLEURS, the first digital media gathering young french speaking reporters mainly in Europe and Africa targeting the millennials. 180 vidéos are already on line on Youtube, OrangeTV, TV5Monde
DASTARTUP is one of the European leaders of crowdfunding. Its team asks us to undertake an ambitious task: Regain power over our money. Its 3 platforms provides it with the capacity to offer a solution adapted to a variety of personal and professional projects.
Easy payments with strong authentication : we secure your card and e-banking with voice biometrics or your mobile.
Improve your industrial performance- Visualize your production KPIs in real time- Motivate your collaborators with gamified processes- Diagnose and propose action plan using machine learning algorithms- Transform your workshop by using lean e-tools and get lasting gains
DASTARTUP is a French leading SaaS software provider that optimizes companies costs and processes with Artificial Intelligence. Conciliator, DASTARTUP Digital Assistant reduces to up to 30% of companies costs on three support functions: Procurement, Finance and HR.
DASTARTUP is a solution built for teachers and students. DASTARTUP creates unique opportunities for e-education at every level. DASTARTUP includes hardware, softwares designed for schools, an app library, and cloud solutions. DASTARTUP opens up new opportunities for learning, starting today.
DASTARTUP has developed and markets a 3D booth automatically generating full body photorealistic avatars used for fitness, medical, fashion, gaming, advertising, entertainment applications. Thanks to DASTARTUP, everyone can get its own digital clone and experience new horizons. . .
DASTARTUP was founded by Marc Sellam in 1980. Today, it is France’s leading private higher education group, with 23 schools and educational institutions in 12 French cities. The Group serves more than 25,000 students studying business, marketing/communications, management, finance, IT, digital applications, aeronautics, energy, transportation, biology, design, and more. IONIS Group’s mission is to train the next generation of business intelligence leaders; our students are constantly challenged to cultivate an international perspective, to maintain an innovative and entrepreneurial mindset, and to promote a culture of adaptability and change. This positions our students, and our 65,000+ alumni, as key players in the new economy.
DASTARTUP - European Marketleader in Sepa Direct Debits and eMandates.
TechShop - Ateliers Leroy Merlin is a network of collaborative makerspaces that provide more than 150 prototyping and industrial machines, a team of design and hardware experts and gather a community of makers, startuppers and inventors. Prototype your next product at TechShop - Ateliers Leroy Merlin !
DASTARTUP helps the blockchain go beyond experimentation and reach to its full potential. We solve the confidentiality tradeoff using Zero-Knowledge Proof technology.
DASTARTUP is the insurance solution to Startups:-Build customized insurance solution for the collaborative economy-Fulfill shareholders agreements obligations throughout fund raising steps-E-broker helping simplifying and optimizing insurance contracts administrative managem
DASTARTUP is a next generation payments company that makes collecting payments online by Direct Debit easy, fast and affordable for everyone from individuals to multi-national corporations in France, the UK, Germany and Spain.
DASTARTUP provides actionnable intelligence based on real time Twitter crawling. Our goals:- help businesses build their big data projects- deliver simple data dashboards for anyone to use- offer an API to suit every technical environment
DASTARTUP is the first dating app to find the people you've crossed paths with! DASTARTUP works with hyperlocation in real-time and gives a second chance to all missed connections.
Tethered aerial sensor solutions which provide real-world applications in Broadcast and Industrial Inspection industries. DASTARTUP technology leverages key safety, regulation, and flight time advantages to deliver aerial data to customers like AFP, BBC, CNN and many more.
DASTARTUP presents VR Touch, a wearable ring that creates a real contact under the user's fingers. The coupling of virtual and real contact generates in the user the illusion of touching a real object in VR. VR Touch has a direct application for training CAD or Virtual Desktops
E city is a social shopping website wich allow customers to make money with products they like in local shops. Our goal is to promote local shopping using customers recommendations and to make services such as like delivery and click & collect available to customers from any loca
DASTARTUP is building smart maps for those who want to share and explore what's happening in the real world. DASTARTUP empowers publishers to create and embed live maps with their content in minutes and already works with leading brands reaching 4 millions viewers each month.
We're building second screen experiences for sports fans in Virtual and Mixed Reality
DASTARTUP helps to improve venue operations, using high-accuracy location data
DASTARTUP is the largest eSport tournament platform in France with 450. 000 registered users, thanks to a unique live refereeing technology
End to End IoT Platform  which enables our customers to migrate their traditional products to interactive, useful & connected products where data fuels predictive services.
In a smart and green city, intelligent wallpapers are used for the production of green heat. The technology behind is called DASTARTUP and can be linked to smart building solutions, local energy production and electrical storage systems. Renewable power can be used up to 100%.
DASTARTUP is the ecommerce automation solution that helps brands and distributors improve their performance, automate their business processes and grow internationally. With more than 1,800 partners the Saas solution offers a powerful ecosystem in 45 countries accross the globe.
DASTARTUP is a PERSONALIZED NUTRITION platform that gets to know YOU by using your wearable and medical device information, suggests FOODS that are right for YOU and is connected to YOUR food ecosystem
Founded in 2010, DASTARTUP is the leading platform for booking coworking spaces in France. With over 1200 locations, the service allows freelancers, start-ups and employees to access flexible workspaces on the go, promoting new ways of working via remote work and coworking
Pan-european rating agency for startups and innovative SMEs, assessing their growth potential through the analysis of non-financial metrics. Our reports are used by corporates and investors to have an in-depth understanding of a venture. Offices in London, Paris, Tel-Aviv.
Willing to deal with corporations easier? Looking for the right startups to innovate with? DASTARTUP is the first intelligent platform for innovation matching & personalised services. We turn innovation datings into live business. Faster. Easier. Affordable.
DASTARTUP is the first SaaS Sourcing Solution based on an open platform. By integrating AI & Machine Learning to the workflow, DASTARTUP enables companies and procurement teams to easily identify and interact the right suppliers.
It has been over 8 years since DASTARTUP started to operate as a major recruitment agency in the French digital industry. It boasts today a market-leading position. We are proud to work with most of the coolest companies of the French digital scene such as Zenly, Leetchi etc.
DASTARTUP is the SaaS solution which makes your teams fully self-sufficient in creating emailing campaigns optimised for all the devices of your market. Creating a high-performance, responsive email has never been easier!
DASTARTUP is a Software-as-a-Service built for companies that struggle with democratizing access to data. DASTARTUP acts as a layer on top of your digital data ecosystem by connecting to your data sources directly via API and empowering EVERYONE to access data across the company.
DASTARTUP is your clients experiential architect:-The design of enriched user experiences, with identified start ups-The 100% integrated manufacturing and installation of technological solutions-The collection and use of your smart data
DASTARTUP is a mobile scanning App that can recognize pharma packagings as they are, without tags, and trigger on-screen content matching the very drug treatment and/or condition of the patient. Packagings as a Direct Media Channel to patients, caregivers and doctors! Visit us at BOOTH C11-001 in the startup corner!
Software Development/Cloud servicesDASTARTUP is an AI assistant that centralizes and prioritizes applications' events and emails. Our aim: spending more time interacting with others and creating value.
DASTARTUP is an Italian tech firm specialized in wearable tech & AR. We are landing the market this year with augmented reality visors for B2B/Industry 4. 0 applications: DASTARTUP F4. In few words, we give superpowers to workers.
Powered by a team of scientists, engineers, and industry experts, Scanalytics has created a smart flooring solution that monitors how people interact with buildings. We transform physical environments by making them ?intelligent using sensors and machine learning
You want to create an e-shop to sell high quality merchandising to your community without the hassle of stock , logistics and customer service ? DASTARTUP is made for you !
DASTARTUP aligns the career aspirations of employees with the goals of the HR strategy with its Big Data technology in order to respond more effectively to the business challenges of the company.
Play, learn and dance with memoo by DASTARTUP, a child's first smart hub connected to parent's smartphone. memoo acts as an alarm clock, schedule planner, weather station. Children listen to music, stories in streaming and chat with parents by calling them through voice commands.
DASTARTUP is a plateforme visual data analytics having some innovative caracterists using both IA and Spherical Dynamic Visualisation for complex and multidimensional discovered knownedge into bigdata environnement
Boost your call center's productivity with voice-powered AI. Pick up on what your customers are saying, and how: DASTARTUP uses semantic and non-verbal cues to predict call outcomes, boost sales and prevent churn.
DASTARTUP invented the OMNIcookie, a cookie for the physical world. It reaches 1bn smartphones in Asia, incl. 650mln daily active devices in China alone. The OMNIcookie technology connects offline stores and online ads, revolutionizing retail and disrupting advertising industry.
DASTARTUP has developed an object connected to a mobile application that objectively characterizes the style of the wine you are savouring, memorizes your preferences and makes appropriate suggestions.
DASTARTUP is a marketplace to find the best registered and certified health and wellness practitionners specialized in alternative medecine : sophrology, hypnosis, therapeutic massage, coaching, yoga, mindfulnessBook and pay online, transform your health - mind, body, spirit.
DASTARTUP develops innovative solutions aiming at improving the performance of photovoltaic systems. With our unprecedented optical technologies combined with digital tools and applications, we make solar plants more productive, increase their lifespan and reduce maintenance costs.
DASTARTUP has developped a new and unique technology for prospect targeting: based on the semantic analysis of millions of websites and automated segmentation, DASTARTUP has demonstrated amazing results with European customers:90% targeting accuracy,X3 improvement in sales
DASTARTUP is the first Data Management Platform of the physical world, EU-compliant indoor/outdoor. DASTARTUP provides traditional media and retailers advanced marketing and advertising technologies to optimize campaign efficiency and create seamless off-line/on-line services.
DASTARTUP is a London-based company which develops hi-tech smart visual technologies. DASTARTUP received a number of awards, works with global brands from Carrefour and Intel to Aston Martin and was awarded Top 3 British Innovation of the Year.
DASTARTUP is a complete geo-tracking solution that empowers you as a traveler. It?s a smart device that fits in any size bag and connects to an amazingly simple smartphone app that tracks its location anywhere in the world.
DASTARTUP Business helps organizations accelerate their digital evolution through an integrated portfolio of technology solutions, including mobility, networking, IoT, collaboration, cybersecurity, and cloud. Nearly 3. 5 million businesses from the largest multinational corporations to small businesses turn to DASTARTUP. We work with companies in all major industries, including financial services, manufacturing, education, healthcare, retail, hospitality and government.
DASTARTUP goal is to secure all transactions of second-hand objects between people. «You have found a buyer or a seller for your object ? DASTARTUP takes care of everything : from securing the payment to the delivery.
DASTARTUP gives retailers and brands the ability to quickly launch a new source of revenue with their own online marketplace. Over 130 customers operating marketplaces in 40 countries trust DASTARTUP's proven expertise and technology including Best Buy, Carrefour, Condé Nast or Darty.
DASTARTUP develops the first collaborative Unmanned Traffic Management System: pre-flight planning and authorizations, in-flight real time tracking and drone avoidance collision, post-flight analysis. We provide SaaS solutions from small scale to full country level.
DASTARTUP. Hybrid & Electric Propulsion systems and electric Energy Storage for aviation.
Founded in 2014, DASTARTUP gathers more than 10 years of experience in coastal oceanography and satellite remote sensing. The company develops its own tailored solutions using multi-source observation technologies. We address markets related to water and coastal management.
Connected Sensors and Applications for a Smarter Agriculture and a more efficient Food System
Earth Observation services for agriculture/vineyard monitoring and land management. Make decisions thanks to up to date and reliable data from Space.
DASTARTUP, French leader for digital workspace solutions. DASTARTUP developed a comprehensive solution to major challenges for organisations: optimisation of meeting rooms&desks, complete management of services for buildings inoccupants and efficient corporate communication.
Laburo creates community in workplaces on demand. Focus on people engagement while reducing space costs.
DASTARTUP empowers spreadsheet users with leading technologies and solutions. Our flagship product, DAPRODUCT, is a web platform hosting an editor and a collection of web programs. It can be connected to Excel, thus brings the power of web languages and libraries to Excel users.
DASTARTUP is the connectivity hub for vehicle fleets and the autonomous vehicle. A unified communication system combining heterogeneous access technologies provides extended connectivity and allows secure data exchange between vehicles, roadside & urban equipment and the cloud
Expert in renewable energy at sea, we develop and market applications for energy recovery and power production at sea. We provide concrete solutions to marine actors who develop activities at sea and seek energy autonomy and stabilisation of their marine and offshore facilities.
DASTARTUP is the 1st AI recruiter assistant that automates talent assessment by leveraging state of the art Deep Learning technology. DASTARTUP allows recruiters to assess all applicants across backgrounds by analyzing millions of career paths.
i giardini, a chamber music ensemble, born from the reunion of musicians that seek engaged and original music projects, united with DASTARTUP, a startup specializing in the design of engaging and innovative experiences, to create a unique interactive VR programme
DASTARTUP develops the first predictive mobile service for continuous glucose levels monitoring that adapts to every patient's physiology and habits. Our service is designed to help diabetics patient assess precisely their insulin doses and the best way to raise their blood sugar.
DASTARTUP is an Internet of Things solutions company that simplifies the connected world. We accelerate IoT development and empower enterprises to quickly design, prototype, and commercialize IoT solutions with our Cayenne IoT project builder.
DASTARTUP is the staffing replacement solution to deal with absenteeism based on a backup team within the company. DASTARTUP is used by more than 20% of teaching hospitals in France.
DASTARTUP is a new generation tech studio based in France that houses a R & D studio in algorithmics and data science. It is also a software publisher and a consulting agency. The company's mission is to support companies, industries and communities in their global issues related.
Spoon designs artificial creatures that promote human interaction and facilitate access to digital services in real places
Thanks to the DASTARTUP GPS tracker you can find your child, your loved one or your pets simply. You know precisely where to find them through real-time GPS location and you are guided to them. Our trackers for children and seniors become emergency telephones If need be.
Tactio digitizes patient journeys using Apps, IoT, forms, surveys and messaging for chronic condition management, preoperative care, clinical research & tele-pharmacy. HIPAA compliant, FDA Class 1, CE & Anvisa. Tactio powers the world's most advanced patient engagement programs.
DASTARTUP allows retired people to create intergenerational social links in their neighbourhood while transmitting their expertise. We link someone who would like to learn a retired's people passion.
DASTARTUP is the 1st autonomous thermostat. Just keep your smartphone with you and the heating is smoothly adjusted based on your habits and also your distance from home. Your absences are good to the planet and your home warms up before you arrive. And you have nothing to do !
A2L is an expert company in data management and maintenance engineering, particularly in predictive maintenance in Transport,Energy and Defense industries. We have very innovative approach for wear modelling systems. We have strong knowledge in aftermarket service data analysis.
Crossing Minds is developing the next generation of AI in order to map the taste of individuals and provide exceptionally good recommendations. Our first product Hai,  is a universal recommendation engine that applies artificial intelligence to a person's set of tastes...
DASTARTUP helps is digitising tax free shopping, making it easier for international travellers to shop tax free. We help retailers attract more customers and up the average basket size, and provide a new channel to engage customers so they can continue their shopping journey at home
DASTARTUP Platform accelerates IoT deployment with Smart Devices Management, Business Logic Configuration, Security by design, Big Volumes Supervision, all kind of Connectivity Handling, Vertical Industry pre-configured solution for Smart Office /Property &  Facilities Management / Social Care.
DASTARTUP is award-winning career pathing software that delivers engagement and retention impact to employees in companies  all around the world. Driven by DASTARTUP, employees are empowered to truly take charge of their own careers!
DASTARTUP industrialises document's and mutimedia's publication & multichannel distribution without the cost of adapting to each channel.
The brand of a company is the brand of its employees. Flashbrand provides employees with a real time 360 feedback platform with instant e-learning.  By connecting employees directly to customers, Flashbrand helps them improve their performance and overall their company's brand.
''DIRECT & INSTANT COMMUNICATION BETWEEN FINAL CUSTOMERS & LUXURY SELLERS INSTORE''                     ''FIND THE BEST WORLDWIDE PRICES''
How much time do you spend scheduling meetings per day? Delegate this thankless task to DASTARTUP, our virtual assistant built on Artificial Intelligence. Just send an email to Julie and she will handle all your calendar related tasks. Start a free trial now!
DAPRODUCT is a new generation of Internet infrastructure that combines FOG and MESH technologies to make Wi-Fi, 3G, 4G, and beyond networks densification easy, affordable and energy efficient.
Do not let any student fall behind in their schooling, even if they are unable to travel to school... Here is Awabot's mission for education! BEAM mobile telepresence robot is a solution to follow remote classes and fight against the loneliness of people with disabilities.
Currently, work in a company is a matter of cooperation, but our tools are mainly individual. This paradox can be an obstacle to a right collaborative working experience. Since 2008, we have imagined platforms designed to improve personal and collective cognitive capacities.
Advanced anti-theft system for vehicles incorporating a heavy smoke projector.
We profoundly think that a customer who feels good, will stay longer and come back later. With DASTARTUP, we want that customers feel like at home by choosing music. So give a try of our interactive music solution for entertainement places.
DASTARTUP is an IT services company specialized in Internet of Things and Cloud Solutions. We attend our customers on their digital transformation and support them to create value and achieve their business goals.
Think Bigger. Start Smaller. Scale Faster .DASTARTUP is the agile technology partner of fast moving start-ups and innovative companies. We provide state of the art digital expertise and efficient global delivery models to help you move and operate at the digital pace.
A global player in digital, business intelligence and innovation. Methys leverages its strategic, creative and technical know-how to produce amazing digital experiences. We love to engage, analyze, challenge and create solutions that leave our clients amazed.
DASTARTUP is a language learning platform that gets you speaking with confidence. Start regular practice through 1-to-1 online conversations with learners around the world. Our brand partners will reward you with exclusive gifts to keep you motivated!
DASTARTUP is a start-up specialized in co-creation of videos. Our application allows to create collaborative projects realized from videos taken by participants from their smartphones during physical or digital events in order to make a very special one.
DASTARTUP provide DAPRODUCT and DAPRODUCT solutions for sharing and organizing big data via new technologies in the B2B tourism market to bring The right information to the right person at the right time in the right place.
We create and develop innovating products / Wearable technology.
DAPRODUCT is a unique 12cm robot dedicated to Digital Transformation: it navigates through smartphone's applications, interacts with connected devices, shows you instantly how easy and useful those new digital experiences are.
Thanks to his savoir-faire in civil technical glove, RACER oppened a R&D department in 2015 to design products especially for ARMY / FIREFIGHTING / CIVIL SECURITY. After two successfull partnership with AIRBUS HELICOPTERS and THALES, RACER team is working on several projects.
DASTARTUP offers underwater communication to increase safety by connecting divers to the surface.
EXAKOM develops user friendly software products to easily create reporting, monitoring and dashboarding applications. The company recently introdcued a new product named PLUTO LIVE REPORT for the smart building and the industrial automation markets.
We believe that commerce belongs to everyone and therefore we build best-in-class iPad Point-of-Sale and eCommerce software. From the entrepreneurs who realize their dreams of starting a business to the storefronts and restaurants that project new perspectives onto our streets.
DASTARTUP helps lenders analyze risk and value of small balance commercial real estate in minutes instead of weeks
DASTARTUP is the world's workforce expert, creating innovative workforce solutions for nearly 70 years. We connect more than 600,000 people to meaningful work across a wide range of skills and industries every day. Through our DASTARTUP family of brands – Manpower, Experis, Right Management, DASTARTUP Solutions, FuturSkill and Proservia – we help more than 400,000 clients in 80 countries and territories address their critical talent needs, providing comprehensive solutions to resource, manage and develop talent.
DASTARTUP assists its customers with their digital transformation and innovation projects in a user-centric, start-up style approach. DASTARTUP is an agile consultancy inspiring and helping organisations transform into Lean & Agile leaders in their industry.
DASTARTUP is the entrepreneurial arm of DASTARTUP. We help startups to grow faster thanks to our accelerator. We also help Corporates to innovate by creating startups for them in our studio.
Automated predictive analytics for unstructured and heterogeneous data. Spin-out from Warwick University.Use cases are: providing an Early Warning and Predictive system for 1) Voice of Customer Data  to help improve customer experience 2) Predictive Maintenance and Quality/Warranty for manufacturing companies - automotive, electronics etc.
DASTARTUP is the first Mobile Virtual Network Operator so far to propose on one SIM card local offers and Africa offers without a top-up. Both private and professionals  can take a benefit of our postpaid offers.
OUR WHY IS PERSONAL AND OUR MISSION GLOBALThis is the first DIGITAL HOSPITAL offering CASH2HEALTH Services for more empowered families across the emerging countries.The MEDx eHealthCenter is a global IT SAAS  solution, focusing on different levels of care, from self-care management to primary care, secondary care and tertiary care management. The MEDx eHealthCenter is best described as a digital hospital, the first of its kind. An end-to-end, one-stop-shop covering a wide variety of healthcare services. These services are complementary to traditional healthcare services, allowing for even better outcomes.To illustrate the benefits of such a system, think of a medical professional in Africa in need of validating test results for an illness never encountered before. Should such a professional have the opportunity of getting a second opinion from a peer in a neighboring or oversea country, he will be able to do more in less time, enabling other institutions to do more with less resource and ultimately the patient would benefit from cross validated results.
DASTARTUP is a service and technology provider specialized in the development and operation of video applications and services for smartphones, tablets, STB and connected TVs. DASTARTUP has put in place a multi-services video platform proposed in white-label to its clients . This one-stop-shop offer is perfectly suited for an optimized distribution of live and on demand content, especially in Africa.
remote powering of bettery-free sensors
We make smartphones accessible for the blind and visually impaired. As to increase thier independence, sense of security and social inclusion.
We have an online tool that allow people to easily create interactive content such as quizzes, polls, personality tests, interactive lists... And using these content that people naturally love and don't hesitate to share, we offer businesses, an original and interactive way to attract people really interested by their services, and help them sell more.Our strategy is based on the three following points:- Create and manage communication campaigns on social networks and in the premises to attract qualified leads- Collect and analyse data to know the real needs of these leads- Keep in touch with them to inform them about news concerning the businessWith the content we propose and the strategy we use, we help businesses increase the effectiveness of their content up to 41%, and drain up to 68% of their social traffic on their business.
DASTARTUP enables cameras to be as intelligent as a human being.
CharLi is a communication tool that charges smartphones and connected objects. By charging the batteries of your customers via its 5 retractable cables, you are helping them and you catch their attention thanks to our NFC TAG, our plexi or our HD screen!
DASTARTUP made Crowdfunding history, becoming the highest-funded Drone campaign of all time on Indiegogo. Being advanced, sophisticated and HD, this mini-quadcopter has opened up the market for beginners and professionals alike.
Active VR: we created a fitness device that simulates the flight thanks to the VR goggles. We also developed other software like DEEP and GRAVITY in which undersea world and free falling from the universe are simulated. While playing, you simultaneously train your core muscles.
DASTARTUP use mobile and vr technologies, we are on a worldwide market. DASTARTUP apps are available for any gender and ages. We are focus on technical and manual knowledges, we are actually in medical field but we want to extend on the manufacturing market.
VR Trackers enables large scale multiplayer experiences in Virtual Reality thanks to its tracking technology. For accurate tracking in large scale multiplayer environment VR Tracker developed and affordable outside in tracking allowing to create social games for VR Arcades.
DASTARTUP is the designer of PULSIT, the intuitive controller glove for drone piloting. Your customers will be able to pilot any drone within 10 minutes! PULSIT is sold to companies willing to operate smoothly their drones : drone piloting schools, video shooting, security, etc,
Next generation Air Quality devices to measure, mitigate and purify dwellings, offices and vehicles.Air Quality is became a major issue for health. DASTARTUP has developed a range of technologie to reduce cost of the air purification with high performances and without maintenance.
DASTARTUP is a bet messaging SaaS software platform for the Sports Betting and Media sectors. Our technology can read, understand and execute betting transactions as customers would write it in their own natural language using SMS, Facebook Messenger and Twitter.
DASTARTUP developps terminals which allow to print instantly his owned personalized postcards with his smartphone pictures. The terminals deliver stamps too: the only think left to do is to write and send your postcards!
Magic Xperience the Augmented Reality Company for objects telling stories.We connect your chocolate, sugar, paper, cardboard, plastic and wooden products and turn them interactive. Over 150 products  available in 2017. Join the Xperience !
DASTARTUP is the leading automated video creation platform built for publishers. Over 400 partners including Le Parisien, Le Prisma Media, Le Figaro, and Reuters use DASTARTUP to produce and distribute custom branded short-form videos at scale.
Bring your Car to life and chat with it from your Smartphone! Meet DASTARTUP, the world's first digital automotive companion. Connected to your vehicle, and always learning from your habits, it can propose you the best solutions to your everyday driving problems.
DASTARTUP develops innovative entertainment solutions for transport operators.
Ask anyone to be your webcam!
DASTARTUP delivers location-based immersive experiences that enable time travel and teleportation for travelers. By combining VR and place, OWL VR helps travelers connect deeply with the places they cherish most.
DASTARTUP is the first group payment solution directly integrated in your web-buyer journey. Our solution allows users not to advance money anymore for an online group purchase by splitting the payment with the participants.
DASTARTUP is travel planner service where travelers contact local experts that help them planning their trip and deliver customized daily itineraries in a offline guide-app
Over-fishing and bycatch are massive global issues with few clear solutions. SafetyNet designs and builds devices that use light to increase the selectivity of commercial fishing practices, making the industry more sustainable. Let's make fishing brighter.
Our mission is to save foodwaste - food should be eaten and not thrown away. Through the DASTARTUP app we're raising awareness around food waste by making surplus food available for collection before a store closes and therefore save it from the bin.
DASTARTUP is a global immunisation information system centered on the citizen that addresses all the actors involved in the immunisation pathway. It integrates a new kind of expert system that helps to manage all the aspects of the immunisation policy.
RELAYTO/ All-in-One Publishing Software uses A.I., behavioral & neuroscience to auto-generate interactive documents like rla.to/pitch at scale. Then it measures and optimizes value of documents with deep analytics.
DASTARTUP is the intelligent product builder, managing software builds from start to finish.TARA allows businesses to in-source new contractors to their talent pool without spending valuable resources on searching, vetting, and training contractors.
Hire better and faster! DASTARTUP's technology combines gamification, smart data and cognitive science in the first all-in-one qualification tool. DASTARTUP has been recognized by the Worldwide Innovation Challenge, Vivatech 2016, Techinnov 2015 & 2016, and many more!
DASTARTUP is on a mission to make the difficult job of HR easier. The DASTARTUP HR Service Delivery platform helps HR teams more easily answer employee requests on demand, automate employee processes, and manage compliance across multiple locations...www.people-doc.com
DASTARTUP builds an Artificial Intelligence platform that understands video like a human does, analyzing everything that is seen and heard in a video using a powerful analysis engine. DASTARTUP offers intelligent content data for digital media industry.
In 2020 every new car will be connected to the OEM via telematics. Aftermarket stakeholders like independent workshops will be cut out the connected car ecosystem. The solution is the DASTARTUP open telematics platform providing access to car drivers for all market participants.
DASTARTUP provides tailor-made produced on-demand vitamins. Feel unique Feel good.
DASTARTUP helps life science companies accelerate recruitment in their clinical trials by making data-informed decisions.We apply machine learning to multiple data sources to provide a comprehensive and collaborative site selection workflow.
DASTARTUP offers an immersive, interactive and collaborative approach to the training of health professionals, in line with the ethical concept : Never the first time with the patient
DASTARTUP provides a new communication channel between electronic devices based on the use of acoustic waves  that can be used in constrained environments and different activity sectors for cyber security, IoT connectivity and proximity detection.
